my mom was single with 3 boys , so we never left the projects .
i try to wear all black every day . it makes me feel comfortable .
well nursing stresses you out so i wish luck with sister
yeah just want to pick up nba nfl getting old
i really like celine dion . what about you ?
no . i live near farms .
i wish i had a daughter , i'm a boy mom . they're beautiful boys though still lucky
yeah when i get bored i play gone with the wind my favorite movie .
hi how are you ? i'm eating dinner with my hubby and 2 kids .
were you married to your high school sweetheart ? i was .
that is great to hear ! are you a competitive rider ?
hi , i'm doing ok . i'm a banker . how about you ?
i'm 5 years old
hi there . how are you today ?
i totally understand how stressful that can be .
yeah sometimes you do not know what you are actually watching
mother taught me to cook ! we are looking for an exterminator .
i enjoy romantic movie . what is your favorite season ? mine is summer .
editing photos takes a lot of work .
you must be very fast . hunting is one of my favorite hobbies .
hello i am doing well how are you ?
ll something like that . do you play games ?
does anything give you relief ? i hate taking medicine for mine .
i decorate cakes at a local bakery ! and you ?
do you eat lots of meat
i am so weird that i like to collect people and cats
how are your typing skills ?
yeah . i am headed to the gym in a bit to weight lift .
yeah you have plenty of time
metal is my favorite , but i can accept that people listen to country . haha
that's why you desire to be controlled . let me control you person one .
two dogs they are the best , how about you ?
you do art ? what kind of art do you do ?
i love watching baseball outdoors on sunny days .
oh i see . do you ever think about moving ? i do , it is what i want .
sure . i wish it were winter . the sun really hurts my blue eyes .
are we pretending to play tennis
i am rich and have all of my dreams fulfilled already
they tire me so , i probably sleep about 10 hrs a day because of them .
i also remodel homes when i am not out bow hunting .
yes they do but i say no to them lol
i have trouble getting along with family .
i live in texas , what kind of stuff do you do in toronto ?
that's so unique ! veganism and line dancing usually don't mix !
no , it isn't that big . do you travel a lot
that's because they are real ; what do you do for work ?
i am lazy all day lol . my mom wants me to get a job and move out
i was born on arbor day , so plant a tree in my name
okay , i should not tell you , its against the rules but my name is sarah , call me o
hello how are u tonight
cool . . . my parents love country music that's why i hate it
i am an accountant . what do you do ?
what do your parents do ? my dad is a mechanic .
how are you liking it ?
i really am too . great talking to you too .
cool . whats it like working there ?
one daughter . she's pre med
no and all men is taller than me why can't i find a man to dance with
i live in utah , and my family live in england , so i understand
that's awesome . do you have a favorite season or time of year ?
not really , it is just a small local radio station . what about you , what do you do ?
me too ! people always say i am so organized
niagra fall is where our honeymoon will be
yes ! i know how to be by myself . you ? i do not need new friends . you ?
ll . my dad is a police officer and they have a sports team too
oh you should get your license
okay you have a good day nice talking with you !
i play some ball for a living .
me too ! my asthma is really embarrassing and makes me uncomfortable around others .
netflix and good food is the best . maybe lobster , my favorite seafood . where ya from ?
oh nice . why is that ?
sounds fun ! i helped my wife with health issues , too .
i am a night owl . i think i'll play the piano a little before bed .
just the real ones , not a big game person
i could be the next mrs . adam levine . please , i'll buy you 10 mangoes .
do you like dogs i've usually to talk
what did she teach ? my mom stayed home with my and my 3 older siblings
neither do i , i am just a photographer , and that is already a ot of energy
no , i say i am average at 5 4 . are you vertically challenged ?
what is your favorite meat to eat ?
i am listening to system of a down , i wonder if your cat would like them
i absolutely agree , women are just as strong and capable .
in denmark with my grandma . what about you ?
i live in backcountry michigan . i encounter many sick , injured wildlife daily !
i am great and you
i am a big foodie , i love to bake . how about you ?
dance ! ! i win alot of mone and trifies . . what do u do four fun ?
do you do any sports ? swimming helps me keep my energy up .
they are excellent for the environment .
i am going to catch some fish and think this over . thanks dog !
i am doing well ! how about you ?
i like old cars better new cars are to expensive
i've met bill once . he seems like a nice guy .
oh that is amazing . i've been trying to find someone who can help him
i am in my early 30s , what you do for living
so , you are in college ? i took foreign language in college .
i just turned 30 the other day
what a coincidence i live up in anchorage
that would be interesting . i am going to be a forensic psychologist .
i like chicken or macaroni and cheese .
that sounds nice . do you make your own ?
i had a simple lunch so that i make my supper heavy after beach .
nice i may be able to beat you my hair is bright purple
not really i am kind of an introvert
well currently i am going to the university of chicago to obtain a law degree
also , my parents came with me , because they are on a break from teaching !
oh , i am sorry . want to come play tennis with my two sisters and me ?
wow ! 2 sons . john and wayne . you play guitar good ?
what do you do all day then ?
i work from home , what about you ?
that is no good . have glasses ?
just chilling . watching netflix . so what are you reading ?
i love food too . especially fine dining .
what do you like to watch ?
i do not have to work anymore , thank goodness
no , not really . i am in kansas .
i love movies . especially disney .
no i do not . what kinds of dogs do you have
they won't , but i'll someday . what are you hobbies ?
i am going to watch football . what are you canning ?
awesome . so what do you do for a living ?
you are telling the truth lol
haha yea i love cookies . i sleep way to much to . you like music ?
that is nice to know . i travel due to being financially stable .
i am sure you can . california is full of opportunities .
they're fun . i also wanted to be a rock star as i love the music .
you need a hobby something you can do in small segments at night
hi , i love halloween , so what do you like to do for fun ?
is that a long movie ? few hours ? that is what i spend at the pool
tennis sounds interesting ! yes , i am ! how about you ?
very well , thank you . how are you today ?
i like a cashier at my bank . i stare at her at a distance to flirt .
yes . thank you for the chat .
that is super sweet , high school sweetheart kind of thing
hey . my favorite color is pink . how about you ?
nice ! i don't go out much because i am busy at my accounting job .
oh my gosh i don't know what i'd do if i had to get a job !
that would still be buying it online !
was okay . dog woke me up and just getting ready for a date .
if i have time outside of hunting and remodeling homes . which is not much !
there was one person better than me , but i will keep trying to pass
oh that's a yummy jpb
i take it you are not getting along with him ?
ah , i prefer asian cuisine , especially thai food .
awesome my kids and brothers love it
just dropped pizza on my suspense novel . two faves ruined at once !
no boots unfortunately . i sell my homemade candles
i am well . how are you doing ?
cool ! does your husband like to read ? i love to .
officer bob here . good . i am relaxing from a long day being an officer of the law .
cool ! so what do you look like ?
i am a bit of a loner . i live by myself . no attachments .
i have to cut my long beard . it might slow me down !
i have some sports cars .
i do listen to music and i love to cook .
its great that you dance . its very enjoyable
most i know about trucker comes from watching ice road truckers and burt reynolds films lol
good . where are you from ?
right now i am doing an ocean liner .
i am spending time with my 4 sisters what are you up to
that would be great . what do you do on the weekends ?
i am sorry to hear about that . i am not married .
hello ! i just got done taking my daily blood sugar level . yuck !
they really are . and a handful at times
what kind o music do you like
it was nice chatting with you also . glad it was a formal situation .
i am all about driving , fast and furious !
kind of , i just love to eat fruit
i am attending hesston college
fall and winter are my favorite ! no i am unemployed right now .
yeah you should , that can be tricky .
that is cool . what do you do for fun ?
take care and i hope you do well in college !
that is cool . i am scared of heights
only the one i left at the truck stop . you ?
oh yes for sure that is great .
hey there how are you today ?
ah manic depressive . how to you cope ? meditation ? any hobbies ?
hey ! what kind of music are your into ?
that is a good show i watch that while drinking iced tea
very long , she was with me when i colored my hair pink
i like being alone and hitchhiking
hi , how are you doing today ?
actually been good and better than what i expected
ah , wrong ! blue is my fav color . what hobbies do you have ?
i'm great , loving this city life , how are you ?
that's true . i have supporting parents , i'm grateful for that .
just started working from home , the internet is a heck of a thing
the tallest sunflowers you have ever seen are over their graves
i bet . what do you drive ? i have a cool , black car .
i will be headed to paris on vacation to visit my sister
i live in new york and you ?
i understand . i like to work out alone
i'm eric . i'm from new york . my dad drove cab here in the seventies .
i sing sometimes too . i used to do a lot of musical theatre .
i rather see it in a cartoon lol i know that's fake
that would be great pay
my name is charlie . what kind of earrings ?
of course . i'm listening .
i'm a researcher i'm researching the fact that mermaids are real
hi there , i'm bob .
i know a bit about food . my folks have a small grocery
hey , that's life . what about you , what do you do ?
i like that too . if i win the lottery , i could go anywhere !
what do you do for fun ?
no not me , i don't like to show out , like driving a mercedes . kidding
yeah it relaxes me when i'm stressed out
i left my chevy duramax running while at american eagle . sale !
yes , you'll treat when i fall sick
how do you do that ?
good comparison ! ! that's actually a flattering comparison for me .
now i do it like a nerd
i'm with you there for sure .
girls are gross boys rule
cute ! my father owns bees as pets , but i'm allergic to them .
congrats ! nothing that great in my life
i'm very healthy i live in a farm , what is wrong with your health ?
how come ? conserving energy ? whats going on
it is so late but that's cool i bet they look nice .
that's cool my mom does the same thing
love that too . i'm waiting on my car to be fixed . you ?
at least he helps you . do you cook bake ?
no , i auditioned as a child but i failed horribly .
i love cheese and ham sandwiches
a poodle , he is hard to look after as he is so big , i'm quite small
hello , i believe in things i can touch and see . so . . .
it is a beautiful day outside no rain here ?
is english your first language ?
my wife does when we take our sunday drives
oh , one day may . i wonder the same .
its hard for me to relive . it involved bread and a defective oven .
hello there ! how are you doing ?
i swear i'm losing my freaking mind .
that sounds yummy . i enjoy soccer . do you work ?
i see . i'm just trying to become a vegetarian . are you ?
great , i'll love it so much
wow happy anniversary to you and him .
i enjoy playing tennis and baking .
and what is that then
tell me more about yourself
hello , i play with my iguanas and dogs .
ok stressful . my girlfriend and i broke up
oh cool ! ! i really like music and singing
i tour with a band , maybe you could do something like that .
what kind of music do you like ?
i'm sorry to hear that ! we all have issues . my feet sometimes smell bad after work .
that's interesting . i guess the weirdest thing about me is i do not work
i sometimes do not eat very healthy foods .
awesome ! do you have a favorite hero ?
i'm not married , but take care of my three roommates
hi there , how are you tonight ?
the traffic is terrible but i've my favorite books to keep me company
hello ! how are you doing today ?
that's creepy . do you like video games ? i love them .
i love mystery and thriller novels ! you should give them a try .
i watch a lot of kid shows got my start with voice overs with sesame street .
i'm good getting ready to volunteer
nah he's chill he's a california puppy hell just make fun of you
nothing , i just do not want a normal life
i enjoy hanging with my mother she's my best friend
what sort of events do you normally photograph ?
the minnesota wolves . i'm filthy rich .
hope so my class is taking a trip there end of the year
tell me something about you
i like to spend the time in concerts . whats the kids fav . color in school ?
i bet . what do you do for fun ?
cool i own a company come work for me
yes it is . whistling reminds me of the walking dead tv show .
i'm ok wish my allergy medicine would kick in
i'm good and you ?
hey hows it going , tell me something about yourself
i got into the habit in the hospital . had two toes amputated in an accident .
great thank you . and yourself ?
just watching football . i'm a hugeeee nfl fan .
i have been blessed for sure . what kind of music do you like ?
not school . i teach aerobics and yoga classes .
i will make those dogs look majestic . in the afternoon though , for i sleep late .
i don't , i wish i did tho . i'm trying not to relapse
oh okay . why ? i like riding horses do you ?
i'm also fascinated with mermaids
fine how are you feeling tonight ?
i like to visit national parks
me too ! i like coffee also , but not before bed .
i'm a stay at home mom , i would definitely consider it work lol .
and i'm certainly creative ! where do you work ?
yeah i think it was wrestling old jr
nah , i moved to get away from my ex wives .
that s ok i don t have long either . i m fine .
good just watching fifty shades darker
criminal justice . although i doubt it
oh , ok . i work to much to learn new things .
great , watching silence of the lamb , my favorite ! what are u up to
oh . i enjoy running marathons and watching netflix .
i hope they do , in exchange my grandma makes me jewelry
i only have one younger brother
hello how are you this evening ?
i've an admiration for gardening and flowers too . my family is all tall .
the clouds can be beautiful and have many different shapes
i like watching movies with the wife .
hi ! that is a great line for my next stand up .
i like to play football are you like football ?
hey do you have a favorite color . i am well . yourself ?
hi there ! i love wine tours
hello , how are you today ?
family is important to have around .
do not fall in love ! i only live for six months . then gone . dead like swan
i am happy that you are care for me .
rollerblading . . . that sounds fun . . do you do it often ?
i can not sleep too well
hi how are you today ?
i am doing fine about to get ready to go to the gym
hi there . waiting for my husband to get home . . . . .
pretty good thanks and oyu
i love making new clothes out of old and seeing my kids in class light up
i've mainly aston martins and a few lotus
i am too , but a good friend of mine just moved away .
i am currently in college
what is your favorite car ? mine is prius and i drive one !
my face has freckles , and will be wearing white flip flops ,
i can tell . i am not , you can see me in some tv shows
my 4 dogs do not mind them tho . we are always together .
ah ok . yeah , i need to get my moped fixed . i drive it every day .
i love dancing , but i live at home with my mom and loud music bothers here
i'm also a jewelry designer , that's my first love .
umm . . hi . . can i help you ?
what did you buy there ?
i'm fine and you ? the type of music i like is folk and you ?
hello , how are you ?
i take care of myself now
fine , what are you up to today ?
do you work for a company or contract work ?
what were the name of your parents ?
i like all the colors . none specifically
lol yes i thought i was confused for a moment
alligator ! its so tender ! ! but never crocodile
i work from home . it is great for my family . you ?
awesome . how is the weather in california like today ?
hmmm , i like to bake a lot .
no i'm single . how about you ?
wow , i wish i had a big family . i grew up in a very small town .
hey there , where are you from ?
that could have helped , i did not pass the audition but i'll keep trying .
i prefer people , it helps with the bar weekend job
my name is miguel . i just came to usa with my mom . she's a janitor
hello . i'm from alabama , where are you from ?
i did not know that you needed a permit
i'm very young so no cussing please , seven years old .
aren't we all , i strive not to be but fail to often .
do you come here often ? this is my favourite restaurant .
awesome ! i'm studying to be a doctor . what are you studying ?
yes i do , i use the app reduit do you ?
i wish i lived in the mountains .
she just recently left me . a few weeks ago . angry i did not own a tv . shallow right ?
lucky you ! what kind of restaurant ?
what is your favorite pie to make ?
i wish i could read , apparently i'm too busy in bankruptcy court .
that would be a very fun area to work in . what else do you like ?
good what are your hobbies
i'm twenties i'm older than you .
just drink some cola with rum and you'll forget about them !
yes . honesty is key . and share pita bread . haha its good with hummus
no , i don't mind at all .
click , you know because of the photography thing . . .
yes it is what is that you do ?
what do you do in your free time ?
you are a good pet owner then !
you should ! i was on a game show once , called jeopardy . flipping cars is like that though
writing anything interesting ? my computer never works quickly enough to write .
i'm getting ready to head to college . how long have you been studying ?
yes i'm chretien , i think i'll go to my great aunt to go family
i manage a grocery store generally so i'm always around people .
what ! ? ! never met someone with a pet koala
do you use fresh vegetables in your restaurant ?
i'm so happy that you enjoy it . i'm not a fan of most animals , especially spiders
hi there . i like to watch movies especially the last of the mohicans
i go running too . its a great way to start my mornings .
haha true . i'm a professional sports car driver and in my spare time , a triathlete
what do you like to grow in it ?
yeah sometimes . i'm going to come out of the closet one day .
nah , plain cuba libre , that's what we drank yesterday at the theater .
hello how are you tonight
what do you do for a living ?
well , first i start early in the morning , always , early to everything
oh ok just making sure . i am looking for bruce wayne . he's here somewhere
about 6 months . it can be depressing . what do you do for work ?
thank you ! that's so sweet . where are you from ?
hello there my name is lucy . how are you ?
because cats are real just like dragons . you ever met a prince ?
i died my hair purple today
i wish we could , but the flight expenses would be too much . i am no millionaire bob .
do you think that dogs could be trained to read ?
anything else you want to tell me about yourself ?
i like that my scooter doesn't play music as it is not my favorite .
i am not sure i do not ever go the extra mile anymore
that's unusual , how did you end up with that nickname ?
see i really enjoy food , so the gym is a must
really why do you like it so much
what color is it mine is black
time always goes fast when u are having fun
those are really yummy too , but not my favorite .
cool , i'm currently studying and enjoy going fishing in my spare time .
very nice , i have been there once its really pretty
my favorite is the beastie boys
single all around the board those i teach are my kids .
no i just got to the garden because i m old
hi there , how are you ?
i'm shaped like a ball , so round .
do you work anywhere then
i don't have any pets but i do like one some day .
i don't but i love monkeys
what do you mean you love cheer ?
i just got a internship at a big computer company
that's cool so you are good with computers
we are in north carolina .
we are currently living in the suburbs in a major city .
that sounds very passionate . good for you . i'm passionate about vegetarianism
oh , i know nothing about opera .
yea music is the best
good how are you ?
i don't like carrots . i throw them away .
yes , been married for about twelve years , two kids . . how about yourself ?
good , how are you ?
i think nachos are the best
it is so good . i teach students about books and use rap to entertain them too !
sure ! i love folk music . how about you ?
i'm in alabama , i work from home designing video games .
wow i hate you more , no offense . i only play ultimate sometimes
ha ! the bagels are good here , but i keep losing them . i forget things .
i'm not married and my kids are grown . how about you ?
wow glad you have lost weight
is it beautiful have never been
yes ! that's why i dislike skiing
nice ! . i also like to travel with my newly engaged boyfriend from high school .
yes , i love all the harry potter books by j . k . rowling . read them all twice .
you are a smart blind person , you learned driving is so easy lol
vacations are nice , i drive my honda civic to far away places
me too . order a pizza and i'll be in heaven .
i like meat as well , meat lovers pizza are the best
i'm from alabama , and i love to travel
i also cook , and i ride my bike to work .
i like reading . my favorite genre are crime novels . how bout you ?
i'm vets assistant and i love it hbu ?
hello , i'm doing great now that i discovered this new indian restaurant .
what are you doing today ?
hey , how s it going tonight ?
would you ever swim while playing hockey ?
great , how are you doing ?
i've a few . i like to camp .
hello . i love to read .
just don't eat horse meat , my little rosebud would be sad . what else do you do ?
what a coincidence ! what else do you do ?
i stay home . my husband is an engineer and i raise the family .
very commendable . as for me , i need to be careful too . got diabetes
i like to share fanta orange with my best friends .
i don't like it out here
i only watch the seasons be played . i don't play them personally .
oh my ! single medical student with no pets . always wanted to be an actor though .
yes , i've 4 cats and they are so adorable
i eat a whole lot of fish that i catch
my contacts can see through what you are trying to sell me .
hey , how are you doing ?
i've been a christian for many years and love my church
i'm a vegan so i do not eat a lot of sushi
my favorite band is the beatles .
here i enjoy learning to do so many new things its fast moving .
i think i saw her playing soccer once , so yeah .
i never heard of it , like sports ?
good evening ? how are you ? i'm just munching on gummy bears .
no but i'm going to see the eye doctor and get some glasses .
a home garden so peas , tomatoes , etc . what other hobbies do you have ?
i teach music and love my grandma
i bet ! love good guitar music
hi , how are you doing today ?
howdy brah , what do you like to do for fun ?
i forget everything pretty much
i'm doing well ! about to go to dance class . i just got some new flatts
agreed . the god metal is still underground . will always be there .
hi how are you doing today
oh i bet . sounds like a challenging job .
you better not make any spelling mistakes .
i like the nfl as well , no pro teams in new mexico though !
i see . i have a passion for photography .
hey there . i live in colorado and work in it . how about you ?
my family and i don't get along , i really wish i was an animal . . dog maybe
i feel as though people can live how they choose
anything that makes my many girlfriends move with me is good .
is your dog doing okay ?
yeah , its a gift really . uh , spaghetti . you ?
yes . are you doing anything interesting today ?
hi , i just adore pink mink
they're my word , i'm sure you will get many .
i never liked math . what position in soccer do you play ?
i bet you cannot guess where i work .
i tend to make friends on the soccer field easily
its a chihuahua and pitbull , i work 3 jobs and have no time
i hope i do too ! feeling pretty tired
really ? i could help , i'm a programmer
you still can ! i decorated her room purple everything ! my favorite .
i'm good . just seen my husband and 5 kids off out the door
what is your ethnicity ? i'm white , and my hair is brown .
i adore beer . i have had 35 different beers in my life .
do you get paid well for it
i don't read much , i work 10 hours in a factory every day
no , not much of a fan . i enjoy reading over tv .
that sounds fun . what do you serve to eat ?
i have 2 dogs !
i don't believe in magic .
that's fun . i'm a teacher like my mother was .
oh cool ! do you like mcdonalds ?
nice i'm angry usually
that's interesting ! i have had to protect my pot belly piggie .
cool ! . would you like to be my friend on facebook ? i have over 4000 now !
sheldon , of course . penny is a good straight man to his questions .
i eat right because i play many sports . i'm like a machine .
oh fun , we cook venison at least several times a week ! i love cooking
how lovely ! i listen to insane clown posse
so are you eating burritos for dinner today ?
lol . those are my favorite . do you like dancing
a little sad since my favorite season summer is over
i love hairless asians . do you like carrots ?
hello
i love chicken . i do not eat red meat
i am doing okay , just practicing violin and watching my 5 kids
yes , you said that already . do you have memory issues ?
what s your favorite beef dish ?
did he recently graduate ? i wonder if we went to school together
i will have to check it out ! maybe they have deals on brushes .
dave , what are your cats names
i like to go there and write some poetry . it is relaxing .
where did you work ? your real slow and not making any sense
that is fine . whats your favorite food ? i love food trucks .
i enjoy family time too much to start a business ! ! must be nice to chase your dreams
i bet , i nurse people
i do not actually mind the winter but i do really like spring
i do not like fast food . do you like movies ?
agreed ! so , are you studying in college ?
i could never do that . . . although i do believe i can do anything , but not that
that would be perfect ! i live near a lake full of fish for sushi !
yes i watched that one three times because it was so funny .
are you male or female ?
i do like to read , but only ebooks . physical books are for the past .
what kind of plants do you grow ? are you on a diet ?
surf and turf . two of my favorite foods , steak and lobster .
i bet that it does .
i love diving in the deep blue sea ! wanna talk about that !
i'm great what do you enjoy doing ?
yes , my daughters and i went shopping for costumes recently
cool you have any pets i've 2 dogs
that would be an awesome job , how long have you played piano ?
it was amazing . he taught me morality and he taught me how to cook
hello , it is night here lol but why is that ?
my brother is running with me tomorrow . he's in the army
yes as long as there is no broccoli
yep ! and i love christoper nolan the director . spr was so cheesy !
that is cool i love the steelers and seahawks
i take pride in my office supply collection , i've nice things .
hello ! i'm good . my father just came home from work at ge .
hey , never know he might get famous too ! he's already pretty good .
that is so awesome ! yeah listening to music definitely helps out those long days right ?
i doubt that very much . you probably like to scream alone .
yes , i like the green bay packers .
in california . i do not eat animal products so can you deal with that ?
robots are the future ! scary .
i can dig that . yeah . i live alone , i exercise too much and enjoy makeup .
go climb a mountain . will make you tough as nails
yea i'm sure its not .
oh wow i guess i work to much to play games , over 60 hours a week .
hey ! i'm great , how are you ?
fell up the stairs ? how did you do that ?
they are , horror ones , my favorite
i'm single as well . i'm trying to get better at piano to impress them .
i'm also preparing for a marathon also , wish me luck .
what ? that sounds like a very innovative game . do you work ?
do you have a job ?
whats your favorite ? i love apples , especially the green ones !
i get material for my short stories from the customers in the bookstore where i work .
oh my ! that is a big family .
wow how do you get them
you are going to hurt me . however , redheads have no soul !
what do you do for career ? i have a ton of hobbies if you are interested !
yes ! i should try the desert . i want to taste a grasshopper . where do you live ?
a teaching job . i teach english .
i love rap music and strong men or women ! i just want to feel love again
so sorry man . being former military i lost a lot of people . it sucks .
i see . does that mean that you want an open relationship ?
cool , sounds like a hard degree to get . i just like reading stephen king
my favorite hobby is whittling , but i like listening to folk music too .
i start safety patrol tomorrow , and abigail said it won't be fun .
yeah , anything to do with computers .
clearly ; this is inspiring a story . i love writing in the grass in my back yard
that sounds like fun . i've never been to niagra falls .
yeah my parents still complain cause its c and ds but i work hard
some say i look like a mad scientist version of him
haha yeah last time i was in nyc everyone thought i played for the knicks .
haha ! i'm glad i stopped being a clown before that movie came out .
nice ! i've my own marketing consulting agency , albeit a small one
thanks that is life . . . millions of others are going through worse situations .
yes , i love tv . specifically channel 7
i like to keep my surroundings organized but they create too much chaos .
i actually play guitar and do a lot of manly things , like welding .
what a bummer but ok cool
sometimes , i like to look at the patterns in thier coat
i love all animals , but especially dogs .
i am really not sure if it will ever be possible .
i've one . it likes to go to my class with me . i teach history .
that is a super good idea
awesome . i am studying software development .
yeah i would have to agree
why is that ? i do not understand .
i am disabled i want to go back to school .
what does that mean ?
not a chef . just like to cook . no twins . you ?
oh boy , do you work ? gotta pay off the cards somehow . . .
do you have a significant other ?
i live in new york , i paint houses !
yeah silly , we listen to classical jazz though while dancing , i am a huge fan of it .
hello and how are you today ?
my brother is stationed in kuwait and i help my sis in law with the kids
seems like you had a rough day . where are you from
everything ! i am actually manly . but i've a secret i am hiding .
my kids love sesame street .
nature has a way ! i enjoy getting out and going to the farmers market
lol where are you from ?
one of justin bieber songs mentions the beach
i used to do that , those people are the worst
no retired veteran and you
my 12 children too i can t leave them behind
loves green ! haha . maybe we should get together and play poker one time
hi there ! how are you ?
i work , as a dancer . i should try dancing to death metal some time !
artistic kind ! i spend my time watching british shows and movies . i love them
yes and i'm about to become the queen of england soon .
do you have anything else to tell me about yourself ?
thank you for protecting us . i work at a university .
i'm doing fine , thank you . what do you do on your spare time ?
you could do it with that energy
read i meant . true and being stuck in this wheel chair doesn't help matters .
i've to poodles i love them
no , not really . what about you ?
my parents don't know that i'm . . . homosexual .
that is great to hear ! maybe you can teach me about the different sushis
i do . i love it in a weird brainwashed kind of way
really ? do you like to drink ? i do
hi how are you doing
i like to eat a lot of beef like americans but not all of the other stuff .
that is a great idea ! i really want to be a vegetarian for my health .
ahh kisses to you as i leave a red lip print on your face !
i like driving around in my ford mustang . . . i like making new friends .
i enjoy walking instead of running .
i'll bring them when we go water skiing . ,
i love watching movies in my spare time
i'm a grown man . out of school
i draw a lot of the time
i'm sure it does i learned italian years ago and i still practice .
yea . that awesome . i try to help with my sense of humor . lift them up
why is that ?
nice . do you have any piercings ? my eyebrow is .
i shop there every chance i get
what time do you get off ? i totally can relate .
makes me secure with my manly hobby skills .
do ice cubes satisfy your hunger ?
it is a clothing design brand . do you have any family ?
i love facebook and instagram . do you have a lot of followers ?
venice beach , california . its lovely here .
nurse , in the emergency section busy
my small garden packs a mean punch !
well that's good . ouch , my stomach hurts .
oh ok ! do you enjoy your job ? being by the water ?
people do that ? seems really mean
i'm good thanks for asking
those are great . mine is pistachio
do you ever hike by the lake ?
oh okay . where are you from ?
i enjoy crochet and alternative rock music .
that's a shame . but you have a positive attitude !
hello how are you this evening ?
my partner in my law frim speaks french very well
what is it that you do ?
everyone seems to like the food i cook . i don't have much experience with fish , though .
anyway . what do you do ?
not much where do you work ?
hello ! do you have any hobbies ?
i get that sometimes due to my pink hair .
sounds good be good camping there
seems awesome . my mom helped develop an apple phone
my favorite thing to bake is lasagna an bread sticks , all home made .
i'm doing well .
nyc has a lot of people too .
i don't like people . animals and aliens
what about gummy bears ?
oh , environmental engineer by any chance , like me .
i called my cat charlie , he's my friend too .
yes we have been to several of them
i like romantic comedies or action movies .
it sure is , its good to come home and relax after working at a law firm
not a problem . i will not preach .
i liked it a lot . what do you do as a profession ?
that is funny , what is the name of your dog ?
i learned english in america
that is awesome . do you like it ?
high school students are interesting . you teach ? married or children ? i have a son .
i do a little bit of writing in my marketing job .
i already told you no , do you ?
hope it gets better . just about to cook .
i travel a lot . what about you ?
i live in california it is always hot here .
i am good , how about yourself ?
hello ! what are you doing ?
art history . fascinating stuff !
sell the business and move here to grand rapids . nice winters in michigan .
oh i am jealous ! the beach is my favorite place to be ! ! !
what do you usually knit ?
hey ! yes , tell me something about you .
no , i am trying to finish college first
i have a 5 year old son . he is also awesome !
interesting . . i used to play when i was in school
thank you ! where are you located ?
i take work in a funeral home . do you have any hobbies ?
there are good therapy
i am well an you ? i have a creepy ride . guess
hi how are you today ?
he looks like thor . i've a boyfriend too .
oh . do you have any hobbies ?
not really . just my money source . painting is my passion . change the world ?
i'd love to visit switzerland ! come pick me up at the airport ?
me too ! cant wait for cooler weather !
i need to use my bicycle more . do you have any pets ?
yeah it was pretty cool got to go to shows . very pretty place to live
i completely understand that feeling . i'm exhausted too
funny , i own a grocery store . i'm doing very well .
that's cool . i only a cashier at a gas station
what do you do for a living ?
i've never gone horseback riding . i love to skate though .
i've traveled all over the world .
no i do not my boyfriend walks our dog we have been together 5 yrs
working but i enjoy just driving stickshift cars . you ?
i love my new chevy volt ? that's my car . but yes , i love my family .
i'm sorry to hear that ? why is that ?
that's the story of kurt cobain , it was mostly shown in small cinemas .
i drive around in a long black hearse an love this season
yeah , i want to change the world . what about you ?
you have to come to nc and try some bbq .
wow that is a lot of animals
oh , well that would be a turn off .
i love photography in the spring
how are you doing today
well , not much , just something to make money . i'm all about that green !
not well . i use art to express myself instead .
i bake for a living , and i still like it . do you play tennis ? i enjoy that .
i kind of do . i think about a lot of religions in my philosophy classes .
i don't but i've thought about it .
what do u do in the office
i've two dogs ! they enjoy running around my farm
do you like watching movies ?
org ! i'm sorry about that . are you ok ?
that is cool i work at amazon
hello , are you into exercise ? i love to run .
ok . what do you do for a living ?
just kayaking and running . you ?
yes it is nice , halloween is my fav .
i am from mexico like the food
i love singing , it kills people though
what do you do in your free time ?
that is wonderful , and sould healthy .
cool . i usually go rock climbing . i should put on youtube
i think my father killed my mom should i call the police
what people think about what ? your personality ?
people watching in the bars i go to
yes . vanilla , caramel , hazelnut , dark chocolate and cinnamon
i love the color green . i am going to go exercise after this .
maybe you could sell stamps . i collect them !
well , that would explain the less than stellar grades . are you worried ?
have you ever had muscle milk its great i drink chocolate flavor
my students told me they're coming out with a new one .
you are funny i love it
i love me some jazz , what about you ?
i am sorry , am i speaking to will ferrill ? is this mr . ferrellle ?
sometimes i run to keep my mind off bad things going on .
what a wonderful day ! i love getting up to watch the sun rise .
no i don't work at a funeral home
nice , i am not much of an athlete but i watch sports . what is your profession ?
it really is small even though it seems huge .
you could take kids with you to the beach .
i don't but i enjoy butterflies
that s pretty cool my two sons they really want to go there
cool , you young ?
i am well . working on my channel on youtube .
georgia my mama from alabama
nothing much . my step father works at hp
cool , what do you build ?
hey there , how was your day ?
i like orange juice also , but grape juice would be my favorite .
yeah mom passed when i was 14 but its why i strive for a family
can they tell me where to find some weed ? i have been looking for so long .
wow i heard boys are had to raise
i think i want to be a brownie baker . ha ha why did you choose law ?
no wonder you have a great imagination
i really like to do needlework
yes , i agree . and we have been training my two fur babies as service dogs .
what do you like to read ? i like rock alternative music .
that sounds amazing , wish i had a woman like that
hello there . what are you doing on this lovely evening ?
no ! jean is blind and i am nervous . you dance ?
thank you ! need to appreciate and never take life for granted
you should go where women are like the nail salon . i get mines done every saturday
oh nice , all i eat comes from hunting . because i am married to the outdoors
hi ! running and gaming are my hobbies . what about you ?
it isn't an easy car to maintain either
very cool . my fiance does as well !
europe , i just hope somebody takes car of 3 cats
nice ! i live near the gulf of mexico . youre a doctor ?
everything but i m into the show empire the hit show and
is it like harry potter
must be fascinating ! i do crafts those are fun . and also enjoy drawing .
i'd love to travel . what languages do you want to learn ?
i am twenties i am older than you .
before my mom passed , pop music was her favorite too .
i am great ! how are you ?
sitting on the couch with my black lab , what about you ?
oh no it isn't it is my car lol
i'm great , just working on my live action role playing character , how are you ?
nice . do you have brothers and sisters ? it is just me and my mom .
i deliver to our customers . we are vendors of food supplies
cool ! what do you like to do ?
where are you from ? i'm in cali
that is awesome . what do you like to do for fun ?
you are too kind . but not the pool boy please . we get on fine enough !
my yoga is like a dance . i might do a little dancing tonight ;
i was a wired kid plotting to take over the world a total egomaniac
that is awesome , i've a dog too . its a boxer . what kind of dog do you have ?
i actually homeschooled my daughter
i'm not much of an artist . i do love music . what about you ?
ok , i work in middle school , and once in a while i go to symphony orchestra
hey there . i'm joseph . what is your name ?
i do not have a social life . i'm a teacher of 6th grade students .
i love animals do you have any pets
i'm sporty , and i spend my spare time racing cars
i really enjoy toyota cars though
me and my cat charlie are in the mist of irma in florida .
me also what is your favorite ?
to asia . have you ever traveled other countries ?
right on ! i use to play 7 card back in the day .
good stuff ! i love soda and my favorite is coke !
my wife and children go camping with me for fun .
i am only 20 but i do know people can be shady
ok maybe we can meet in my hometown in maryland
that's great ! my wife and i are both zookeepers .
i know right funny my niece adored her forever now its all ed sheeran
awesome
that sounds healthy actually to know your limits and interests
do you have any hobbies ?
ah so do you stay up all night after the kids are asleep ?
hi how are you today ?
i am ten . i like shows about dogs and cats . those are my favorite animals .
yea i hear ya . lol i watch a lot of foreign stuff to
it sure is a crazy world . i hope he answers your prayers . i'll be driving .
i love the lake , lay back and listen to music , you have a favorite musician ?
i just got done cleaning up around the house , enjoying my husband being home today .
wow ! i also work in the medical field and spend long hours working at the local hospital .
i do own it i think there is confusion ?
hi i'm great ! just finished up my latest work project ! you ?
well i volunteer at nursing homes when i've the chance
lizards are not allow in my condo
lol what do you do for a living ?
especially playing esports , its good to get outside . i do a lot of gardening to get outside .
its ok i can be your friend for now
i'm an old man and i love to garden .
i like to wear jeans
it is night time here now
i've a weird gene i can tell when people have eaten asparagus
i shop and look good
married for 5 years , with only one child !
i enjoy it , but its difficult all at the same time
ahahah i did that once but it fell apart
i'm craving some iced tea right now haha . even though its a bit chilly out
where do you work at
i like to sew and i wait tables . i lead a pretty boring life i guess
you may need to contact someone immediately until you can get therapy . hotlines are there .
when i was 18 my family made their way across the country with a mobile home
no kidding ? i was just listening to the same thing while taking a bath .
cubs won ! you sing and dance ? i do . bird peck at my eyes .
oh . i am a vegetarian .
i love corn . how long have you been gardening ?
wow sounds great god bless
i love animals i have a cat .
i need someone like you in my life . i think too much
have you put on a lot of weight or you have kept your normal weight
hi . i am fat . i need sleep
i will have to check it out . can i find them on youtube ?
oh geez . i teach yoga so am pretty fit . do you work ?
i really love all music , but i guess reggae is my favorite
no problem . so what do you do for fun my guy ?
doing well , just a little tired , just got off of work , stocking at groceries .
yeah , for sure ! that would be a good time !
hey there ! its dave here from las vegas .
i took karate once . do you listen to music in class to get motivated ?
hi zach my name how are you
ha . my little girl is too young to enjoy shopping .
i am doing great , how about you ?
man my boxer just peed on the carpet !
i never been , i just moved to virginia from pennsylvania
hi angel , do you like breakfast ?
i'm well tired from hiking you ?
hey , will you do me a big favor ?
yep ! my husband and i have them on 5 acres !
haha i enjoy bike riding , it is good exercise .
i used to be in band as vocal when i was in school
she's very rude . break up .
what did she teach ? my mom stayed home with my and my 3 older siblings
wow . i have lost a important piece of jewelry at a fancy society gathering .
hi , i'm from england . what about you ?
it is . my mom reads palms at a fortune telling place .
how many ? i love animals .
unfortunately no . grew up in the foster care system
like celebrities . i have over two thousand of them so far .
witty is good that means you have a sense of humor
just home from work . i think i'll keep my suit and tie on .
hi . how are you today ?
i only eat pink , it is without a doubt the color i love !
ll . i love black too ! guess i was playing my music too loud .
how are you doing today ?
i like electronic and classical music .
i am pretty good , just tired . how are you ?
i am from ohio . how about you ?
i also work in the retail industry at the local department store .
that sounds great , its cloudy here today
we just bought my daughter a car for graduation
good . how about you ? whats your job . i am a teacher .
hello , how are you tonight ?
that's awesome , i write poetry too .
nice do you like seafood
pasta is my go to type of food .
hello there
that's cool . my wife was diagnosed with terminal cancer
do you like to keep fit ? i try and eat healthy when i can
i grow it on trees with a lot of work
i've always wanted to try surfing .
you go girl ! you work long hours too ? sunsets perk me up though .
hey , whats a good senior quote ?
maybe i can borrow something as i am packing to visit my dad in china .
i love the band bon over but my colleagues at public relations hate them
ll my mom is a palm reader . she's awesome .
oh definitely ! i love some old school video games . what do you play ?
my life is great , i'm so happy i'm gonna be a father
i need to being a restaurant manager is exhausting ! and i cant stand my boss
hi ! whats your favorite band ? love red hot chili peppers !
really ? so you are a teacher ?
good evening . my name is jake .
will you do me a favor ?
i'm not doing too good . you ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
i tried it once , but did not enjoy it .
what a nice victory dinner !
how about video games ? do you like those ? i do .
i love going fishing when i've time . what about you ?
probably . do you listen to other singers ?
i'm doing well , how are you ?
nice i love to exercise everyday
i'm of . i've to shop in the kids department .
live . moved there about ten years ago for a computer tech job .
that's insane ! hopefully i can earn more money working in the federal court
well that's your fault . i am junna go barefoot in class tomorrow . join me for notes
i don't have any pets . do you like going to the creek ?
i have never been stabbed at all , have you ? i don't sing .
i love horses ! i love to craft too !
yum , i couldn't imagine being blind . if i couldn't see yellow , i'd die
i am glad . my mom worked at a small hospital in the pnw . she loved it
i remember those days , enjoy them while you can
you sound very artistic . truthfully i am more left brained . i work with computers
oh no . how bad is your commute ?
draw me a shark sometime and that a good talent
i actually just have one cat , kibbles .
where do you work at
it is very hard and requires a lot of studying
hi
oh really ? that's a great way to exercise
you are so smart . how did you know he is kung fu panda ?
not really , but i like to golf . are you a runner ?
i am trying to put my trust in god but it has been a difficult time .
once . you cannot even throw a gum wrapper or you can get arrested .
yeah , i was never a fan of it . my friends played it often .
i had a purple swimsuit , but my 3 dogs chewed it up .
what kinds of big dogs
i would love it , how often do you run ?
oh i am sorry to hear that hope you feel better .
yeah , i think most people do
i've an entire sleeve now ! my favorite one is of my dogs who i love !
know what is a hobby i am on leave from the navy
what kind of game were you playing ?
i am good tired though . i am pre law so i study alot
hi , how are you ?
aww haha . what do you do for a living
why not ? do you think they will laugh ?
oh too bad ! i should not be eating it , trying to watch my figure lol
i am doing just great going to play soccer later with friends
oh i see . grew up drawing did ya ? what about cats ?
i do not know . but you run and it tracks your gps . it is fun .
do you want to give me money
hi i am great and you ?
well not too much crime there , but a lot of people .
yes ! do you have any kids ? i just have one , he is my only son .
oh fun . i lost my job
what are you up to today ?
they do . including the kids i will be teaching next week . . .
i've a sweet tooth so i love candy . what kind of candy do you sell ?
yes it is my favorite music
nice . did you go to school ?
no actually i don't . what are you up to ?
what do you do for fun ? i ride motorcycles , fast !
i had urinary cancer when i was 16 , cured at 18 and decided to enjoy life .
oh most definitely , it is hard , i don't see my daughter much
pretty good , graduation is coming up and i am excited !
tetris only . and country music . what do you like to do ?
its ok my best friend lives on a farm so i can see hers
no , they are rescues , so already been fixed .
i am great . my mom is on her way here .
ll dannnggggg ! i am trying to figure out music for the weekend what kind do you like ?
amazing . i am afraid the winters in penn . will affect my fibromyalgia .
yes i do my adorable companion lobo
hi i am great just finishing up some homework how are you
my dad had a career at a bank
ll , i wish , my wife wo not let me have many cats , i only have 1 .
as an artist yes i got my ideas from it
well it was a pleasure talking with you eve .
trust fund . it is running out though . i hate paying bills . how about you ?
hey there , how are you ?
classical , jazz , folk , a little country and my brothers trying bring me current with rap
so taking it you don't have a family of your own yet ?
hi . how is it going ?
wow ! ! does your family talk to each other a lot ?
well , you cannot miss me . i've bright pink spiky hair . how about saturday ?
i love running with my dogs .
i'm watching television getting ready to fix dinner
that is nice . no , no i don't . i cannot stand them !
friends can be more like family than family sometimes . i'm the oldest of 3
yes it is sounds gross . i'm currently trying to find a job
not a joke but i sell oil . snakeskin oil . . it is a kitschy product .
what was your favorite one ?
hey how are you today
do you write for a living or as a hobby
hello , i am lucy . how was your weekend ?
i need to establish myself first . just switched jobs , no home of my own .
that is good , at least everything new then . not in a dull rhythm .
ah , gotcha . country is nice but my favorite is metallica , its heavy metal .
that is cool ! i work in sales now . where do you live ?
that is fun . i am only 19 and made our college baseball team
i wish i could cycle , but too much smoking . i need to quit .
they have a good sound . i believe in the good fight
i've not listen to the village people since i was in high school . you look the part ?
dogs are the bomb dot com .
it is its very dark at times like my favorite color
nonsense , you and i are amazing . especially riding in my prius
no kidding . people really need to learn to love their neighbor .
hi , how are you today ?
pizza with pieces of grass
i love animals so i love horses
what a nice victory dinner !
yes , i paint and draw . what kinds of boats do you captain ?
lol when i learn the language i'll not either
that sounds like a fun job . i am a business major but have a part time job
nice . who do you like to listen to ?
you should go on a jog with them
very good , all the best
yes . she was miss usa . now i just wonder if she married me for my money .
well , i usually take my dog with me !
i bet . do you want to go to a restaurant with me ?
it is fantastic . 42 is my lucky number
good day , i hope it is sunny where you are
i should really exercise daily .
i usually don't go anywhere . i do like cold weather , howver
help you do what ?
australia is a lovely place so i have heard
that's lovely , my husbands parent retired there
where are you moving too ?
wow ! are you famous ? my mom saw elvis but i never knew a famous person
so do you teach your kids ? ac in the class room ?
ha sounds great ! my girlfriend cooks for me sometime we have been together 7 years
that's good . never give up on your dreams . have you written any complete works
tank girl rocks ! i have a bad relationship with my girl friend .
i'm trying to get my ba in finance
what do you do ?
i love american horror story
that is incredible ! i am glad that your brain still works good enough . do you work ?
a field . . . where are you station .
where are your vacation homes ?
i'd rather walk . i just cannot get on a bus !
yeah i love both so much i cannot decide . my grandson love cheesy hot dogs too .
i love metallica too ! i enjoy wearing leather .
i've no idea what that is haha
my career is based in the new york financial sector
cool , learning japanese could help too
yea i love it , i also am starting a juice bar
i work for the woman next door babysitting an infant
what kind of music do you like to listen to me country .
good , baking a wedding cake for a friends wedding tomorrow .
sure , but i am sad we cannot get a five guys lol
yes it is a restaurant . what do you do at home ?
really ? the weather is beautiful here . in fact my mom painted outdoors today canvasses !
yes it has been ! we need to party soon !
no still in school work at pizza hut part time
you are telling me ! that's why i had to take a vacation away from her .
its okay . its helped me shed a few pounds .
i feel as though people can live how they choose
i am a full time student and i hang out with lots of friends all the time
my favorite thing ever is to go running with my family !
wow 12 ! do you have any pets
microbiology sounds cool ! fishing sounds fun too ! i love fish !
yeah , its brad from west valley . who is this , i am kinda worried now lol
good , a fire alarm just went off in my building though , .
nice , my wife is a hockey fan . so are our boys .
what is the meaning of life ? green beans yuck .
it must be hard being you .
sometimes . . . i hear voice . they say eat mystery flavor cake ! ! !
it does but it keeps me away from home a lot .
baked ziti ! we love to go to concerts together , iron maiden is our favorite
sure can me 2 beagles be in the movie to ?
does she party hard , like i do in the atlanta clubs scenes ?
wow , that's so much . do you do anything else with your day ?
that would be awesome where are you from ?
no but i do get a good deal .
how many do you have
do you have any hobbies
i'm the opposite , i love staying home reading a lot of books
animals and traveling ; i'd love to go to ireland or puerto rico
i live in alabama , what about you ?
hi just to start out i a second level vegan and i don't eat cheese
italian is okay , i prefer japanese .
her name is bella an i love her
we have all kinds of things . spinach , pumpkin , tomatoes , blackberries .
hi ! how are you today ?
does he ? he would not scare me
do you have a job , i work at a button factory !
would you pet me like a cat ?
we sure do ! i hunt deer and i fish .
mostly myself but for some friends also time to time
nice ! my cat jasper doesn't really get on with birds .
sounds lonely and quiet and peaceful ! do you work ?
i'm great , i'm also the baby of 4 in my family .
i love to read . what about you ?
yeah it is . i really hope they have a frat party again soon
unfortunately not . i could really use the skill . kitchens here are just as small .
so i see . it is ok .
hey , do you want to come over for brunch ?
ooh yummy . very healthy but tasty !
no , i'd rather get out and go to the beach !
my day consists of getting up at 4am and going to a dead end job
no pets , my husband is allergic to most animals . but my niece has a dog .
lol . well , there's no hiding from my four daughters .
is your name pink floyd by chance ?
yes . after losing a diamond ring she gave me i'm surprised she did though .
i'm great ! just at home playing with my black lab .
i very much like to croon
you have great potential ! i do not let mine play soccer yet
good luck with life my friend
i sold my old nintendo game to someone in sc . got myself a new one
before the end of the year is a sentence with no verb .
that is awesome . do you have hobbies ?
i'dn't know . athletes cannot be eating cake and candy
although i also like painting , so maybe near the ocean someday
it is fun i can't get enough
hello ! how are you today ?
very hot there i like listening to electronic music do you ?
ha ha ! ! ! favorite nfl team ? mine is the packers .
hi i'm good and you ?
the arrogance is strong in this one , yes
hello ! i love to bake . want to chat about recipes and baking tips ?
hello ! it was great . just got through my art class for grade school students
i'm debating on having some mushroom ravioli , not sure though .
good for you , and for your pet . no , not allowed to drive with a pet .
hi . what do you do for your job ?
no i don't just work
how are you doing today
it is ok , i drive a super fast sports car and he never sees me
i would venture to guess you might be right . they have to much hair to dry . .
planning my next lake trip
what is your favorite color ?
hello , how are you doing today ?
i'm now working at the same banks
i'm okay . . . really wanting a drink tonight
doing great . i had the day off , you ?
i am a vegan too , awesome .
i currently live in a science lab , you
hello
me too , what do you do for living ?
anything with a good beat really but a lot of dance music
cake is for losers , give me coffee ! ! !
hello how are you doing ?
yes me too ! i hate it is ending soon
yeah i agree with you
draw ? i can draw a sword . soon take the boat to the new land
you got any good burritos around you ? i love burritos
that is awesome ? what is your fave color ? i like the color blue a lot
hello , how are you today ?
tell me a little about yourself .
hello . i just finished cooking dinner . want to chat ?
i am still in high school . i got a d in biology .
wow give me some please
it is ok . you have a cow ? that is really cool !
you'll get there ! do you have meat a lot ? i try to limit for health reasons !
that is nice . i work a lot
oh is it boring ?
i do . the band one direction is my favorite and who i work for .
do you have any favorite sports ?
thank you ! i need it . i live on the edge of death . can you help ?
i'm doing great ! do you like movies ?
hello . doing great . how are you ?
i like to read about new technology . what do like to do ?
i like to take walks in nature .
i thought about dying my dog or cats hair purple for fun
that sounds like a lot of work
maybe they can listen to linking park and run off .
that's so cool ! well i got to go . have a good day !
that sounds like a very interesting combo . i'd love to know the stories behind it
that's a cute name . what do you do as a hobby ?
yes i think i fell in love for the guy in the office .
i like to visit museums . i'm on instagram . i like posting my visits .
i played growing up . have about thirty trophies .
i bet you did then , tell me about it ?
were you located in the path of a hurricane ?
just office work , but it is a lot
oh you have dogs ? my pug is called corky
yes we can go for a few drinks in ny .
it was alright do you like braces ?
i like sunsets , cooking is my hobby .
lol ! ! ! yeah i got ya ! ! i'll be leaving them tommorow though , new job ! ! ! !
i see . i like to hike
one day you will be rich enough to come to argentina and have empanadas
if you scratch my back , sure !
i bet you drink a lot of coffee now that you work there . i have lost weight
that is cool . what do you do for fun ?
i'm very inquisitive so i play the hard ones
public transport drives me crazy ! i get so annoyed .
it is very relaxing to me .
i'm doing great , thanks for asking . how about yourself ?
why is your dad in prison ? i'm getting my degree in law
i have not heard true gossip .
sure it is ! how are you today ?
i bet youre considered normal for having a husband
i cannot disagree with that !
a bank teller is a good job .
you should buy some veggies
great ! how is the fishing there ?
what kind of game were you playing ?
great . done with classes and have plans to go out with friends tonight . you ?
i'd like a cat , all i've is the rapper yo gotti
i'm good thanks for asking
hi how are you ? my name is lily
i want to be the worlds best encyclopedia sales alien
i could eat pasta everyday , and i love chicken too
what are your plans on this beautiful day ?
sounds hot but i bet you can drive fast on the highways there .
sleep sounds nice but i've so much studying to do
what games ? i don't have time to play . i'm a singer in a band .
oh i see . well , its nice to be close to family . be close to whoever you can .
i like to ready books as well but only if they're about chevy trucks
sounds fun ! i'm planning on going for sushi for dinner . i love it !
i've two cats , alice and dylan .
well , i hope you feel better soon !
i'm good . tired from school today . how are you ?
when i'm not working i play basket ball what do you do for fun
only on the weekends
what are you up to this fine day ?
you can just make more out of it
i just hate it . maybe because i'm from there .
that is cool , like pastas ? i love lasagna
hello how are you doing today , my name is susan with 5 kids
na man then you have to have a place to keep it . i like freedom
my son is on the swim team . he has earned some trophies , too . how old are you ?
i write for my blog on the side , too . its a lifestyle blog for moms .
i'm a manager at taco bell . it doesn't pay well though .
i've to say we may never meet , i'm uncomfortable in a formal situation
i'm from cali how about you ?
not at this time , do you have any pets ?
pets are known to improve quality of life for the i will . i read a book on it .
how many trees you cut daily . you re hard working
i often eat meat to make up for what i had to eat in the army !
i didn't like it . but i still read three books every week . any hobbies ?
yes like christian electronic dance music , just found out it exists , got any cds ?
no pets . do you listen to music ?
that sounds relaxing , i suppose
lines are for other people
yeah , i don't know what to do with them all . you want one or two ? haha
i'm usually alone with my cat
hi , what are you up to ?
not here . what do you do for a living ?
really ? do they use beans in place of meat ? i'm an animal lover .
hi there , getting a pedicure now . love the nail salon . how are you ?
hey there , how are you ?
that's cool . i dance as a ballerina . do you ever see those clothes there ?
i don't , i listen to country , i'm a country girl at heart
interesting subject , i'm a nurse .
i don't eat meat . i love jello .
do you work at all ?
nah , just a dog , i'm not a fan of kids
no , i just have have a hard time behind the wheel . do you like tv ?
yes , don't forget the creamer . very important .
have you ever heard of the shrine circus ? we perform for disabled children .
what do your parents do ? mine are doctors .
i love kids just don't have my own .
not much . i should though while i'm young
what do you do for a living ?
hey ! how are you today ?
i teach english . do you have family ?
really ? damn i'm a fan of rock myself . who your favorite band ?
i do . what do you do for a living ?
i personally like pies , so at least they have some fruit .
i want to get a horse . i love to go horseback riding
oh my gosh i don't know what i'd do if i had to get a job !
get out ! crazy women keep calling me . insomniac ?
i'm a boring accountant . i'd rather play tennis . you ?
i have four boys and one girl . i draw . do you ?
i bet you can . look , i won an olympic medal but its all mind over matter !
competitively ? when it comes to women i'm competitive to them .
i'm doing good . just got back from a long run
my weekends are the only time i get to the pool and get some swimming done .
do they ever play justin timberlike ? i love justin timberlike !
yes . i moved here because i got a job as a dog walker . great pay .
that sucks how long have you been diabetic ?
oh , i'm not sure i could do that . i love cheese too much .
me either . we could go together !
i'd love to but my cats are with me
i love popcorn . used to stop after school in chicago . they had the best .
my brother is a musician and travels a lot but i stay here for the same reason
sitting on the couch with my black lab , what about you ?
other than swimming , i enjoy basketball because i am pretty tall .
nice mine is california love
that sounds hilarious . i may have to find that show
yes those are fun too ! you wanna know something funny ?
i wrote an article online about how girls are prettier without makeup .
tv is too much technology for me
i love bowling , it is so much fun
maybe you will fall in love like i did this summer !
hi , how are you doing today ?
that is the cheaters way out ! haha
i wish i had more money to travel
i think the world is too full for them to be able to hide well .
old and tired . haha oh and i am 35 and still single . lame right ? ll
she's , has yours passed away ?
london here . how very cool .
i am well , how are you ?
do you think you will work with your dad ? running his business , maybe ?
since i don't like cold long winters , i enjoy watching television .
yeah he's super sweet and playful
you should watch it its fun to watch and play
i just finished a shift for a fast food restaurant near me .
really ? is it true people with reddish brown hair heal slower ?
that's too bad , but that's when there are sales
yes ! congratulations ! my three sisters are web designers also
do you like to chatonline and make friends ?
interesting , so they work , just don't include apostrophe . nice , like cats .
i love listening to pink floyd !
howdy partner !
wow ! is that how you met ?
cool , i immigrated here from japan a decade ago
yes , it will be fun . my dog even understands japanese .
i'm a full time student and a drummer in a band
pretty good , i need to get more pumpkins
i'm trying to decide what to make for dinner at the moment
i'm going to invite him over to look at clouds . optimistic
no but my sons are watching a game right now
i surf in cali and mexico .
i was planning on staying home and raking leaves , fall is staring early
i like board games . video games are confusing to me
do you have a big family ?
i can understand why those shows would . i really started loving fast food
oh wow , i bet . what does he look like ?
i have to say the tiger . we have now trained over 20 types of animals !
yes that is true . my mom reads palms , hopefully she can tell me when to play !
well you should throw them out
i like to color my shopping list
got all 5 kids in bed and i am ready to draw some cartoons
oh gosh . sending my prayers . is your home okay ?
i sure hope you have other body parts too haha
hi ! i am well and you ? i do not cook .
wonder what my ex is doing
oh yeah me too . i am lawyer . you ?
oh good for you , i study art at the moment in college .
do you have much debt ?
ok bob do you like sports ?
cool . . . i followed my father and became an author
i love desserts too , as long if it is in a shape of a ford black truck
we enjoy a nice ice cold pepsi also .
what is the most interesting case you have seen ?
cool i had no job offers so i just started my own
the big state , it is very hot out there .
oh . my mom , died when i was little .
nope , i don't read that much .
for sure anything you need
i swim , i'm good at it because my bones have never broke !
sorry , it is just that black is the best color and i hate pickles
that's cool she must be very talented and smart
oh really ? where do they go ?
yes me too . where are you from ?
i like to go barefoot on the beach .
mine is going to be black . everything is sexier in black
my job is so stressful a monkey would be nice
well , half of the mlb are from overseas !
do you have any dolls ?
i used to be a crazy kid
awesome . . . nothing like filling your mind with literature
i have kids of my own as well , but i barely have them at all
i'd love to tour with a rock band ! !
yeah do you ever do volunteer work
i am an artist . i work at home . it lets me do my hobbies too .
you have had a bad go of it . hopefully it will get better soon .
i take dance with my boyfriend and we both tip over my huge feet
yes , i named her after my favorite perineal
i love to read books . i spend a lot of my time reading .
no , sorry , i meant on my der . do you have any shows that you watch regularly ?
they will find something they like , family time is important as well and sports cut into that
yea i like music pop , rap , 80s music what about you ?
yes i try to maintain my figure
i love blue almost everything i have is blue even my hair
i design video games and monitor social media . i love working from my bed .
that is nice do you like rock climbing
i love pizza . its the closest to heaven
some , not really like mcdonalds
i have 5 . thinking of having a few more , actually .
good . tired . i work as a mechanic at a shop .
not much of a tv guy since i am always traveling
after my dad died i wanted to give back so i go to nursing homes .
i've given up most of my hobbies . i just went through a bad break up .
i wish i could drive but i cannot
that's pretty cool . so do you have any pets ?
yes that's cool i love veggies
i understand my 17 year old just had his first baby and i missed it
that stinks . i hate being late . i love staying fit
what kind of movies do you enjoy ? magic mike is a classic to me
hello how are you today
yup . do you like the rolling stones ?
dogs are good too ! i don't have them because we move around way to much
love chinese we have it delivered to our house
i've a four year old daughter .
that's nice i've a few cats and a puppy
we were high school sweethearts .
yeah i watch anime on my treadmill
so you are still a youngster ! all best wishes on the healing !
same . well . that and movies . i constantly have cartoons going in the background
touch . maybe some veggies can help . i love me some veggies
have you ever traveled before ?
ok . where you from ? i am west coast , but get to michigan each year .
and some people are rude and obnoxious .
maybe or maybe right in my hometown
i love tools and i love flying my own plane
how are you doing today
i love eating out at restaurants with my family . you ever read harry potter ?
i like to play blame on others , apparently .
lol no , you had just repeated yourself . so i thought maybe you had .
nah , i've two kids to raise , and i work at the mall selling cosmetics part time
you can watch on netflix in a few years when they talk about it .
just scared my cat with my laugh . . . thanks
where do you work barbie ?
that is worth it then ! i almost moved for grad school .
i am obsessed with working out and being great .
i am from london and i love the outdoors , camping and such . . .
huh . that sounds a little dishonest . i passed with flying colors on my harley .
have you ever had muscle milk its great i drink chocolate flavor
wow . my favorite season is the summer , so i can get in more swimming and running .
i am alright , had to clean the house today even though i do not like doing so
ireland and australia are my go to places
they do all the best hits . do you like italian food ? this is going to be fun .
what are you drinking ? i am loving some rebel ipas right now .
i guess you are right considering the pay per hit .
so i've to stay home because of my condition
are they from a previous marriage ?
hi how are you today
you are kidding ! i am a huge fan !
ah ok . . . what else do you like ?
amen ! me too ! ! ! praise him always ! just got done reading my daily devotional !
that's great !
i know ! it gets me everytime .
i so agree ! with retirement you'll get to do so much !
i love playing with my kids
whos clive jim ? you play football ? i do .
that's cool , i've a very big family in texas , but i stay in arkansas
nature mostly . i hike a lot and take a lot of pictures .
i ran once and broke my arm
i would rather be playing my piano
yes it is i like running
never been there . i heard they are very friendly people
that is so fun boys are awesome
hospitals are lame , you should make a run for it .
wow just finished reading ender s game , what a great book !
it is ok , we do other things like go to the park or zoo
what do police do for fun ? who says you gonna learn today .
hello there ! what are your hobbies ?
i am good ! waiting for my wife to get home .
whats your favorite color ? mine is purple .
how long have you been friends
i am not a big foodie . i prefer crafts , like whittling .
oh , ok sure . anything else ?
i guess i'll make you a salad p
hi , how are you today
no siblings myself . are you at work ?
i bet . what do you do for fun ?
at this joint called the frog zone grill . its pretty chill . what about you ?
is the cat hairless ?
www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1 is the link to my shop and yes they're
cool . what sports did you play ?
hi ! i've just been sitting here playing the piano and singing along
yes , i'm but i still have two more years to go
they smell the same , apparently , i like to fish but the smell is different .
that would be funny ! how old are you ? i'm 18
ut oh ! maybe you should look at other places to rent from .
that sounds great whats your favorite food ?
hi ! what did you have for dinner ? i had my favorite , burgers
i've this belief that dragons are real !
i sing mostly folk music . a couple of my friends in our band .
go for it ! that sounds fun
oh i hope so . i'm pretty good at it if i do say so .
i wish i was there . i'm stuck at work making pizzas .
nah . not really . travel agencies are a dying business . what do you do ?
i played with barbies as a kid too
are you a girl who is in her mid twenties ?
pie sounds so good right now . i'm just resting from a hike
i'm good thanks for asking
i enjoy what i do . acrylic is my favorite medium . what is your passion ?
oh ! i'm really sorry . i love babies
you , too . have a great night !
www . i also like to dance but i cannot do that while i'm playing . . lol
love antiques , just rented a new apartment need furniture
i have but i want to paint pictures that are museum worthy
oh my god ! that's horrible .
were you drinking when you discovered that ?
you should sing in the shower ! that's what i do .
hi there how are you doing today
sounds cool . do you make pizza yourself ?
you should have it removed now .
no , tell me about it .
i have been know to throw a good party
yea i think i just thought it would not be my thing since i'm deaf
that's fine with me , have a good night .
sounds like that might take some time . any other stuff to figure out ?
i have two dogs , and they sometimes come on set with me !
we can be one . love surfing the internet so we can always chat
i'm from washington dc , what about you ?
how come ? what did your landlord do
i'm pretty hilarious though
my grandfather who fought against the nazis would be very disappointed i cant swim
great idea ! love staying up late so i could do that even tonight
he represented our united states army all through his life .
see , do not say we won't get along just because of weather preferences
hi , i'm a dancer , what is your profession ?
no i do not like to do that . i like to watch tv and play games
i like jazz , maybe you could try and listen to rock .
i love story so far . they are great . i played with them .
that sounds awesome ! i bet you get sick of sweets , huh ?
that s cool , i like to read twilight .
both . what is your favorite holiday ? mine is christmas .
i'm good , how about yourself ?
i love the color green . i also love to draw
right ? what were you doing then ?
i do not eat me either . or dairy
i know , it is so hard to be on time
i'm an electrician now . do you like teaching ?
please tell me you are a guy lol
yes indeed , i feel as though i live in the final destination universe .
oh , no . just for lunch at the park .
beside school do you like mountain climbing ?
i'm a nurse who teaches nutrition classes
that is good . a lot of people are going to have to clean up a long time .
its what i do . i just love the new trends
no doubt . i want to start a business there
hi , how are you doing today ? pool boy next door is looking good today .
i work at a coffee shop to make money .
what do you do for a living ?
i like things to go smoothly in my life . my workflow feels wrong today . uninspired .
oh i'm sorry to hear that . i have a confessions as well .
oh i'm a pharmacist and i have two dogs . you ?
in the united states of america ?
no , i'm a beginner .
i love meat too much to go vegetarian . do you like green tea . i love green tea .
i try to follow my grandmothers recipe but with tofu . . . don't tell her . . . she will kill me
great ! i have a black car and i like to rap to snoop dog !
sure how is your night going tonight ?
its alright do you wear glasses ?
oh . i do listen to music when i run .
i cannot believe i'm six months from retirement . what will i do ?
jamaica ! my brother who is currently living with me will be watching my house .
since being a vegetarian i feel its important to instruct people how to eat
what food do you like , if not grasshoppers ?
hang out with my family my daughter just graduated
that's great ! i don't have many , but that's okay .
i like to start my day with bacon and eggs . how about you ?
my favorite part about halloween is the junk food !
sitting here eating lunch and i am stuffed lol
hello there , i am rob . i really enjoy japanese
nice ! yeah i don't gamble . . . not my thing .
7 years . you'd think my family would like her by now but they don't .
good plan . have you ever been to china ?
well my favorites were the harry potter series
yes i do . my whole family works in it
i know some publishers i want to publish my book .
hello . what is your favorite season ?
i am ! your cool for a single parent .
hi i am doing well how are you
that's cool . i am short i barely reach the top shelf
i don't know , but when i am there i play a lot of video games .
my favorite food is italian ! love to cook . mine is rescuing my dog !
that's ok everything in moderation !
wow . you live anywhere near the beatles ? they are my fav
i am a railroad worker .
i am okay . not in a very good mood .
i am so sorry to hear it . i couldn't imagine such a loss . how many years ?
one is fawn colored , the other is white
no , being a gymnast i only like to jump in the air not fly
i love books . love books . i am getting old too fast .
flute . i love band . i get to socialize with a lot of people !
cool that must have been exciting
i got married very young did you ?
good question . . . i like surfing diamond head and watching the sunrise .
i do too . do you know bread is unhealthy ? nasty stuff .
ah , i work the graveyard shift at a hotel . but i am saving up for college .
computer work . i am on this thing for several hours a day .
ll , no , music . ever tried kale chips ?
ironically i am a vet
oh cool ! alaska has good shrimp and lobster which i love !
how are you doing on this blessed day ?
he just does not like my glasses
i've a cat named radar
cool . my name is nancy . whats your name ?
you got my attention . before what happened ?
i don't know anything about you actually , any hobbies ?
hey hows things ? howre ya
you like red don't you . you like archery , what about jess greenberg ?
they were political figures . always so busy that i usually just played my agressions .
pooftah . do you have any hobbies ? despite your disability ?
i do . we love attending many concerts and events .
not really as a hobby i like to decorate for christmas
what do you mean about the money ?
definitely ! though , i guess it is just a pedi pedi .
nah iam a only child , just me and my dad left .
yes , they live in my hometown which is far away
hmm you don't think she would get turned off if i am different ?
do you ever watch the golden girls ?
hi ! it is nice to meet you ! i am just hanging out in my apartment .
i am used to getting lots of glazed stares . i work at a bar .
what is your favorite fruit ?
you must have a nice voice then ? i work too much , in finance .
i am great and you ?
i'm doing well , just playing some computer games .
i wanted to drive big rigs but never new where to park at new places .
where are some places you have been ? i love italian food
what grade was your favorite ?
never been to maryland . that where you from originally
yes ! i would love a house full of boys .
yeah are you married i have a girlfriend
i would have thought they were not real , but you have convinced me !
good luck with that ! and good luck to the steelers !
just touching up my purple hair .
i really love classical music . especially when i smoke a joint
i'm going to ask my girlfriend
i love movies . what is the movie called ? i'll look it up
go to school and play a lot
that'sn't good , your parents would be so disappointed
always lived here . i was on the private school waiting list at 1 . ll
congratulations ! what are the perks ? i heard that they are great .
i work for a local law firm , which keeps me pretty busy , how about you ?
i went to princeton then travel every year to museums
i do not read books much just sheet music . i want to be a singer
books that stimulate the minds ? keep them busy . . .
there's this pineapple and coconut ice cream
hello . india is way too hot . i am not a fan lol
only things cooked in my own kitchen
yes ! ! getting ready to check on the lovely roses in the garden
what do you do for a living ?
i never was much for reading . i always enjoyed sports i played foot ball in high school .
i do not work at all . just my mom teaches .
that's true i enjoy reading a lot
and some people are rude and obnoxious .
i am a professional body builder .
aww i hope my fiance is ready for me to pop the question at comicon
really are you allergic ?
new shoes are always fun . i am just going to make dinner and relax .
it is my favorite season , great for napping .
i think its more about self control lol . what do you do for a living
i am an er surgeon , but i know what goes on in the entire er .
i train horses . i like to ride them a lot in my free time too .
my favorite beach in this area is jones beach . it is about 2 hours from me
when i am not singing i am playing tennis .
hey how are you doing today ?
its an indie band , but we tend to play pink floyd and the doors music lately .
nice i hope you enjoy !
goody , that is cute ! so do you have any special talents ?
cool ! what you watching . i might play video games in a bit
on my good days , a national guard officer . other days , a normal person .
nice ! i guess your pretty good . i never really got to play on a team .
i'm ? why are you asking me ?
i just work in retail right now . so i understand that struggle !
no . i don't know who you are . tell me about yourself
what is your favorite thing to do in your spare time
great ! my snake name is jenny .
that is great . i have a silver lexus with red interior , it looks pretty cool
they creep everyone out lol . maybe that is why i'm always cheated on by ex girlfriends
sorry to hear that . you could try working online . works for me
i'm great , how about you ?
i usually do scarves and blankets . i sell them on etsy .
hi how are you tonight ?
what did you name him or her ?
do you see a lot of animals around your garden ? i love seeing animals
do you play fantasy football
hey there how are you doing today
i'm a big fan of star trek movies
he's a good singer . he's very popular here in the usa .
your family sounds like mine .
i bet . i'm from the country . growing up on a farm has perks , like no traffic !
what are you going to school for ?
that's okay with me . i'm going to go back to school soon .
oh , so i'm guessing you are claustrophobic
i'm sorry to hear that , is she ok ?
oh , i like to bake . and drive fast .
i bet they do ! what do you do for a living ? i'm a computer technician .
good , have you ever discussed the finer points of philosophy ?
just watching the kids . getting dinner ready and whatnot .
hello how are you
well i do as well but i put it the way we say it at work
oh , wow ! that's awesome !
same , lol . the indians kept me up last night at least they won .
oh , i love cars . never spend more that 100 on one though . junk to some
do you work ?
great ! happy its friday . finshed with classes now i can go run my family farm .
i go to church every sunday . i love god
haha wash it down with some cool dr pepper !
they eat normal cat food
my girlfriend works from home , she is a writer .
good jus done with my hospital shift .
cool . where are you from originally ?
most people cannot tell what mood , i've no expressions .
nursing ? pipe smoking is my game , i'm boss at it , its what i smoke
hey there . are you into fashion ?
you think so , huh ? while that would be a change .
i didn't get to olympian status for no reason ; haha
pretty good . busy today with baseball . there is a game today .
i work indoors with a software company so i never notice .
oh yeah , i saw that on the news .
do you like candy ? i really like chocolate .
doing great just got back from hunting and settling down with baseball !
i love watching movies and designer shows .
i love boas and had 2 geckos when i was a child it helps me make friends
my family works for ge . my father included though recently retired .
have a good night ! sleep tight !
no , but i should . the natural beauty of the world deserves the written word
love it ! what are you majoring in ?
awesome , well good luck ! hope you win !
normally before a good meal like that , i head to the gym .
it is going good . been reading a fantasy fiction novel .
then you must practice often
i just came from outside . i was riding my scooter .
clever boy then ! yes , i have two who are big into sports .
yes , but you can not feel it after you have been running for a while .
what is your favorite drink with caffeine ?
to top it off my 6 brothers and sisters never bothered coming to the funeral
we have a hobby in common !
good afternoon , i just finished my lunch . shrimp and lobster . yum . how about you ?
being blind , i have to be organized .
i just got my bachelors , working on my masters
i stay on the road a lot , but always love a good game of bowling
aw , no help for me
i am going to a concert and maybe try the new italian place after .
you too
yes . what else do you do for fun ?
i'll just give my students extra homework haha
never , but my three daughters really want to go .
me , too . i'm currently in a phd program .
in pittsburgh . i'm a finance officer for a corporation here . my brother lives in utah
my parents do not know that i'm . . . homosexual .
i do but i prefer writing
laughing out loud . i'm retired from hilo hospital .
same and i like to dye my hair .
nothing is better than a nice medium rare steak .
i cannot get off the animals , i'm obsessed . my keeps telling me to get off them .
oh i do . since both my parents died i listen to a lot of music .
few hours away , up in the country . miss the city , have not been since my accident .
i do college is amazing
let try to chat for 16 turns
i love my job , i write many works of art .
you play tennis or coach ?
cashier , lol . my employer wasn't modern , he felt girls needed to be up front .
i like bikes and the guitar , do you like to hike ?
great ! just go off work at the smoothie shop . you ?
just the family . italians . italian americans . my folks are 1st generation .
well i'll not be able to show i need to get my help for now
what kind of art do you make
i'm actually a tap dancer . i have won many competitions .
i hope she's okay . i'll pray for her .
hi there , how are you ?
she's a famous trainer . smart and pretty , too .
my parents do not like my dogs
pretty awesome it look like it suppose to rain here too
hello ! how are you today ?
oh , i'm sorry to hear that . haha !
what do you study ? i'm always training for a marathon .
do you think you'll win ? how is your record ?
hello what do you like to do ?
hi , how are you doing ?
i do not know what that means . do you have a little girl like me ?
well the park is close by . we could meet there
the color we see on the way out . do you like music ?
i have 6 dogs , all adopted .
are you going to college ? i go to a local one .
great ! i work at a school as a psychologist . what do you do ?
good call what about peanut butter ?
me too . it is hard work so my son comes by to help often
that sounds fun . i am a competitive skier .
i know the feeling , i hang out with my friends all the time
ni i don't sorry
i love to wear jeans
the people are so nice and the food is amazing ! utah isn't far !
my major is psychology i am trying to get my bachelors degree
not yet . . they're in preschool
me too i love halo 3
i like toys that wear rain coats . i wonder if seattle has those .
lol . . that's the worst part . .
battlestar galactica , my favourite show had a dog , it was a robot
i like to play video games
i had not heard . i always have my nose buried in a history book .
maybe . i love doing my nails , so i don't play when they're done .
i am a student , so i mostly just watch youtube videos and procrastinate .
rollerblading or watching hockey games . i love hockey .
first yr ! do you have any hobbies ?
i already am . and i stared at him pretty hard today
you keep saying that . you know i don't live there , right ?
i've just been working , i am a pediatrician , what do u do ?
beautiful instrument
what do you do for a living ?
how many children did you have to leave at home ?
i like to work on the house or the yard
dum dum dum . . . . uh i think its out of tune . besides , my dog alfred is barking now
i fly four times a week . i live in salt lake city .
tom and jerry , huh ? that was my favorite cartoon duo as a kid .
i've been in the league two years . what do you do for work ?
i live in an apartment but i rent it i don't own it
hi . i am not much for small talk . asperger is that way i guess .
i just love spending time with my pets too . they're so entertaining .
interesting . what are your hobbies ?
alabama . its pretty good . my girlfriend attends too
marine biologist . . . spend most days in the lab . .
what are you going to do today ?
do you own this pink ferrari ?
i love watching college basketball and rocking out to classic rock .
i enjoy taking care of my horse . her name is beauty
yeah you can not just take monkeys everywhere
oh no i'm only 16
you gotta go at least once . i believe there's one in india . check it out
what is your favorite kind of food ? i love mexican food .
i'm scared straight of spiders omg don't start me on it
oh no . there's probably a ted talk to help you with that . i watch so many .
good for you . . . as for me i'll continue to be crabby .
i absolutely would love that .
hello . i'm at home now listening to music .
no problem . what line of work you in ? preacher ?
hello , how are you doing today ?
hi i'm very anti social
hello what are you up to this evening
oh nice , i saw nickelback in san francisco last summer .
aw i love doggies . my dog is named percy
which school is your mom teaching ?
i'm sorry , sounds like you have alot of issues .
yes i like classic rock . what about you ?
not yet . have you decided ?
i am technical with my fighting moves . i've never lost . you ever fought before ?
i thought we are opposite in all aspects but my diet is vegan
hello ! i am from new york . where are you from ?
well good luck and hope yur dream comes true ! !
i am good how are you
i am sorry , i didn't get your name . i am mary
jerry , do you like animals ? i work with them .
hey . having a good day ?
and i am getting a dog very soon
mostly in state things , i don't really get chances to go places .
i am in school , and i volunteer at an animal shelter .
hello , i am enjoy some crisp country air . what about you ?
i love snakes , i just read a book about snakes recently !
yeah i am quite busy too
hello , i am an attorney
hi there . how is it going ?
that makes complete sense . gotta go where the jobs are .
i cant do fast food my grandmother lives in my pool house
oh , okay . do you have any recommendations on shows to watch on netflix ?
that is so nice ! i wish you luck .
hey , how are you ? just got back from a long walk , so i am beat
well me and the wife and kids love traveling in my spare time .
wow , that s awesome ! in feel with you .
i drive an old dodge it still runs pretty good . do you have any sisters
oh wow i bet you have to talk to people all the time that would be hard
i enjoy taking care of my horse . her name is beauty
i cut off my relatives in 2011
i am sad to hear that , i am a basketball player
hi ! have you ever broken a bone ? my arm broke once
sure , do you know any rock songs ?
i am good you ? just got home from my shift at the diner .
do you have any hobbies ?
i am a farmer i like crafting
it pays for me and my kid and two boxers to live . . . otherwise meh
where in japan did you go , i've friend who lives in sendai
cool ! do you have any children ?
hello , i am john and i currently reside in dallas tx
not so much . i like to read .
that's awesome . i love to play with my pets , 3 dogs 2 cats .
hello , i am listening to lady gaga , do you like her ?
come down to cape hatteras and enjoy the water with our family !
i've not had any recently . but i do like hiking !
i live in wv but move back to md
it happens some times . . move on
i hope i can make you laugh , is that a good start ?
i am great how about you ?
hello , how are you ?
that's way too fast for me .
wow you must be athletic . i love pita bread and hummus .
hello ! how is your day ?
i don't collect anything but if i did it would be green .
so do you have a profession ? in an orchestra i am the violinist .
what are you going to school for ?
you seem very helpful ! i am a veterinary assistant
no i need carbs so i've energy to run
haha or it could be a match made in heaven
what color are you eyes and hair , my hair is brown and eyes are blue
hi ! my name is tao and i live in canada !
those are two very diverse things lol
madonna is my first favorite . do you go to a lot of concerts ?
what kind of charity do you work for ?
i'm great , just got home from band practice .
i'm sorry to hear that , do you have any pets
steak and chocolate . oh my my my
i'm great . i'm dancing .
history is ok , motorcycles are where its at sarah . i'm in a club .
yes , i like the customers , and it isn't too high pressure .
really just watching t . v . and playing with my puppy
we have two dogs . fred and ginger . dobermans .
interesting . and funny at the same time
my kids are almost grown , there's no chocolate here !
i love listening to jazz with my wife and two kids ! you ?
not a problem what are u up to
i'm learning to make magic brownies ! lol
no but i cracked a tooth once . i old cars . do you ?
that's so cool i love them too
i'm enjoying getting to know you . i have to go tho . . good luck to your future !
hi . i would love to chat . do you like cats ?
been there , done that . i'm a foot doctor in colorado who enjoys the mountains
i work at the mall , so i'm close to the venue .
how many do you have ?
alright at work now so could be better lol
i am single , never had kids myself . i don't know if it is for me .
i go to music concerts and festivals all the time , except for rap
oh my condolences i relieve when i am on roses
hi
oh not yet . . i travel too much , haven't been home in 2 years !
that is not good , my passion in life is designing french fries .
i am great thanks . i love hunting do you ?
yeah . do you like to do any physical activity ?
does anyone like country music as much as i like it ?
awesome . i almost bought my new mansion there but decided on daytona instead .
great , love the cooler weather it makes me feel energetic
it is they play punk rock there
that is unfortunate ! we will tuck your shy guy away .
how lovely ? what kind of museum do you work at ?
i am in peace just not worried about having everything cleaned up perfectly
that is awesome ! one of my favorite authors is from there .
well that sounds a little boring
pays well , lol . i make great money as the manager .
i had an accident and broke my leg so i'm glad to be home .
yes , i would love to swim at the beach .
take honey daily , but i get allergies when i hear of bees
sorry to hear that . i love most all music . but i hate country and jazz .
have a burger , they're my favorit
nice ! i'm eating pretzels and listening to my favorite band vnv nation
where are you from and whats your favorite thing to bake
what hobbies do you have ?
i love dogs that would be fine
me too , i've to lose some weight a little on the chubby side , lol
i sure do , every sunday i ride my bike down to the candy store and spend 20
just carb free foods mostly .
i've read many a thing at a coffee shop . love em ! what else ?
eh nothing really i think . you ?
i love gardening . it is great to work outside in the sunshine .
what kinda engine you got in that there mower ?
i'm taking a fashion design class at my high school . i love it .
that is funny ! i'm an amateur singer . are you married ?
that is funny . she comes everywhere with me , especially my weekly fishing trips .
i would love to travel as well .
i like lots but listen to a lot of country music
where are you from . in the us ?
you a bit of a health nut then i take it ?
a house filled with love makes simple happiness
wow your still here ! i am a straight woman to but sending love .
what is the name of the convention ?
your cats sound like fun . how often do you work out ?
i am great , looking at amazon love to shop haha
i am ok what about your self
i am a dj at a radio station . i am blind but its easy .
i have fun when people notice how fabulous i am .
hi , how are you doing today ? !
it is going splendid lovely
my 3 roommates are annoying me , i always do there dishes
all the time in my truck that i know how to drive .
well . i had a test today and i just got out of class .
yes its a way to relax .
cool ! do you like leather ? i have leather everything !
i understand that my dad has ptsd from vietnam
i love dogs ! what kind do you have ?
my girlfriend eloped w my best friend
we should get a cleaner to clean out all the tofu my wife keeps cooking . gross !
you sound young and fabulous . thanks for chatting !
how do you like new york ?
my sweet puppy will have the rings
green ones ! ha ha . only because that's my favorite .
i like to play soccer , i love games of throne and a vegan
ah that's nice . like my turtles . you have pets ?
peanut butter on my pizza
which show were you in ?
i still stay with my parents
jokes sometimes goes serious and it isn't good
i play for midlands high school . our mascot is the cougars
that sounds terrible ! but would probably make you rich .
oh i like to all the time but everyone wants me everywhere
i am super afraid of heights
yeah , me and my grandma go there all the time .
i like to attend social gatherings .
i don't blame you . although i've to watch out for shellfish , i am allergic .
that's cute ! how old are they ?
hey how is your night going ?
i spend too much on pizza , its my favorite food .
that is nice . i teach guitar lessons on the side from home .
i know how that is . do you have any tattoos ?
what kind of work do you do ? my parents are not well off either
i've two dogs now , they're better than most people .
that or watching archer
hey what is your deal ?
i love hiking , but have never done that sounds scarry
maybe just a little ! tell me something about yourself
mainly camping and baseball . it is nice spending time with my family .
hello how are you this morning ?
hi , how are you ? do you have any pets ?
covered in a bed of roses playing bon jovi
hello , how are you today ?
same to you . how are you
that sounds like it can be dry at times
oh yes , don't do anything to endanger the baby !
trying to keep warm its been raining all day .
be careful , my area is a little iffy at night .
miserable , i am on disability .
do you like watching tv ? like anime ?
hello jane , i am mia . i am going to europe next month .
i compete playing violin on competitions , a few of them i have placed high in .
yeah he works up north . i go to school . you ?
hello ! how are you on this lovely day ?
i hope so . everyone standards are so high . how can i live up to them
no , not yet . i tried the cauliflower pizza crust , it was disgusting .
what kind do you want ? a katy perry one ?
do you like talking to an old man ?
marriage doesn't exist in my culture .
hi , how are you doing ? i am listening to some wagner right now . . .
are their houses clean ? mine always seems dirty , i dislike cleaning it .
i am pretty shy . i do not get out much .
okay , what do you do for a living ?
oh . yeah . i never met mine but he was military too .
being from france , i sure do like american food . no figurines .
i have been easily agitated before at least
cool , gotta invite me out then
hi there , i am doing great thanks . where are you from ?
haha ! so what is your favourite food ?
you'll always miss your hometown
wow i play baseball or used to be a player
nice . i am into true crime book . not much time to do anything else .
that is coo , i like to sleep in .
i live on the east coast with my cat , george .
really , what was the name of it ?
i grew up in a big family but i prefer to be alone .
my grandson , granddaughter , and my love for animals . u ?
do you like to cook ?
i am just studying , last year of college .
that is a shame . but at least you have ever had a job .
what is life with out my animals ?
i don't need any . i eat way too much spaghetti and meatballs . best food ever
i've to get my motivation back .
harry potter i own several used copies of each book
hey there , how are you ?
not at this time , do you have any pets ?
oh . do you have any pets ?
seattle . i've a houseboat here . i like socal weather though
i manage a small it department .
i squeeze my 3 kids in my little honda civic haha no soccer van here
yes i like 80s music sometimes i think i am stuck in the 80s
i love to go clubbing
you won the lottery is that it ?
john , sophie and marcus . they're my pride and joys .
hello . how are you this nice friday ?
i hear you . i get busy myself so i try to read before bed .
i understand . are you married ?
haha so what do you do for work ?
mine do too . it helps writing about them and then deciphering their meaning
i am doing just fine . how are you ?
i like to ride my bike to clear my head , or even jog .
lovely . i am a baker ! my grandson loves my chocolate cake .
i bet ! i only have my ears done since i dance i cant get too much done
i travel abroad so i speak 3 languages
yeah , my parents used to hit me when i was a child so i'd practice it
how are you doing this lovely evening ?
i like to dye my hair lol
lol definitely ! i just dyed my hair mermaid purple from free samples at my salon
delivery ! lol , i'm not a good cook .
does your cat also have a very set mind ?
that's fun , i'm currently listening to classical music . do you have any favorites ?
i love metal , and painting .
yes , i live up north it gets very cold up here
say , where are you from ?
it is beautiful . i hope to one day take my family back there .
not too bad , and yourself ?
hospital work is fun ? you volunteer in hospitals ?
i like going to music festivals and stuff like that . .
maybe change your face
yes my studies are going great
i'm not vocally political . i've strong views though .
that's good . i live in florida as well
are you retired ? i bet you get your 8 hours rest daily
i hail from a small michigan town , i like to visit detroit
i should be buy i'm playing hoolie
i'm sorry to hear that ? why is that ?
i really like the washington nationals ! i'm waiting for pizza to be delivered , cannot wait !
oh yeah , i'm a stylist here and i've lots of clients doing fantasy colors
mine is pepsi and my blood is basically pepsi
do you have any favorite sports ?
it is pretty nice here in baltimore
fun ! there is a good food truck at the beach around here , love those !
yes you can . go for it .
oh no its fine i'll be right back at it once the storm is over
yeah , cup half full i always say .
maybe cooking that would work out
i sing mostly folk music . a couple of my friends in our band .
why would you be afraid ? they're good pets
oh . they really were not that bad .
you mean like , harvest moon ? when it gets all orange , even red , in the fall ?
hi i like to make breakfast for my family every sunday
black you should date a guy like me i'll love you long time .
i live to serve , not to nerve .
well i have cut alot of people out of my life especially over petty sports
she must want your room then . . . lol
doing great hanging with my dog , do you have pets ?
that is amazing ! i bet you live up to standards placed on you . i don't .
oh awesome ! well you guys are all set ! are you married ?
no pets yet , but i do have a master s degree which explains a lot .
of course i would win
cool ! what did you do before you retired ?
i am . i just happened to be 4 inches taller than him
yes . i only eat healthy foods .
i like to travel . i've been up north to toronto twice .
mine is still at the age he just likes to play on my iphone all day
i do , i work with an animal rescue . i enjoy working with animals .
that's very kind of you to say .
no real hobbies , always wish i could ski
the sunsets were beautiful , the sky and the water would just glow this perfect shade of orange
mainly fiction . i enjoy fantasy and safi .
wow that's a stressful job i've to have a beer after work !
my favorite nba team is the wizards
pepper , precious , panda , and pixie
hi how are you today ?
yes . in ireland we have some nice spots .
i would be too . frankly , i am a little scared my nanna may become a ghost soon .
i am doing well and you ?
awww , that's precious . i feel the same way about my mom
jealous but then not , its so expensive . you must be rich !
wow that is really something . i'm just a deli employee .
tired as well from all the farmwork . even my beard hurts .
how are you doing this morning
i bet she is ! does she work ?
i'm just binge watching narcos
wow , that all i wanted to do when i retire
i'm in ma , near boston . i prefer the cold living here . need to get to walmart !
no thank you , maybe i'll have an affair with my shrink . . .
dad is always at the mill but i can take care of a pet
no , but if i did i'd choose purple flowers since that is my favorite color
mostly baseball how about you ?
wow . are we the same person ? lol
the fault in our stars . i love reading
wonderful . how long have you lived there ?
you know where i live where do you live
travelling ? my husband is in the military , so we have travelled !
i've even started putting my comics online .
any i guess . they do not live regularly
lol well i finally tied the knot last year . . thank god ! long wait
well , i enjoy singing in the shower and i also like mopeds
nope just two small dogs .
i want to play basketball but i'm a horrible player
and also work in a animal shelter on the days i'm not teaching
i'm a sales person so i swindle people out of money but god first .
something for me and my two roommates . probably a chicken alfredo
so i just dyed my hair blond and thought i would chat a bit
i vacation in coral gables . it is very muggy !
you should probably divorce her and move on . you sound like a great person .
lol i scratch my nose when oreo shakes tickle it
nope , inam not yet married
i killed a lion once
not much just making toys
yum i love green beans !
most of the time we do . unless were fighting over the car .
oh my ! i love cats but 10 is a lot !
yes i've heard of that
help my dad at his dealership , for fun i cook , fish , and walk my dogs
what do you do for a living ?
lol nice . . well it was great talking to you !
sounds delicious ! my daughter wants to be a vet , its a great career choice .
interesting ! i work in banking . not much artistic talent required .
sometimes i do but most of the nope coz i am more into styling
before the end of the year is a sentence with no verb .
i wanted to ride my motorcycle .
i work at a local diner as a short order cook , but i also write romance books
living in the city and dealing with buses is awful
hey sorry just finishing my shrimp
i use to be a school teacher i made cheesecake all the time .
i play all instruments and teach . i am a music loving girl
yes i do since i work all day
i am not sure if it was on the menu i had lasagna
i have an alabama iguana as a pet
haha ! so , are you like a stay at home mom or something ?
how do you feel about retiring ? do you like the job ?
my mom paints there . we go all the time
my dad is a farmer and my mom a housewife . pretty awesome parents too .
i do love to read when i have time
hi there , nice to meet you . my name is sara .
my name is gary . great to meet you too .
you can learn to write cursive . i think i'm to blame for my problems
hi i'm sally , i live with my sweet dogs in taos , new mexico .
i think it had more to do with the fact that she was stealing from work .
i'm home too . the hurricane messed up my job schedule .
i'm 50 and i coach girls volleyball . we are young !
i work in insurance . it isn't fun but it pays the bills
so sorry . what do you do for work ? it industry is what i do .
i rarely go to theatres too many people
that sounds interesting and rewarding ! i'm a huge gamer
i think i will go out hiking and take some photos .
i do not know to much spanish but i love soap opera
i'm an avid drawer , i'm great ! how about you
that sounds lovely . i just finished tending to my garden outside .
yeah i bet you get to travel all the time .
do you like art ? or have any other hobbies .
she buys me what i want when i want . i do not want to work .
haha , i bet they can get hyper
both my parents sing in the church choir . superman is very cool .
mine is still at the age he just likes to play on my iphone all day
i'm an insurance salesman
i moved to panama city beach florida
i'm all packed up and ready to go back to school . how are you ?
i've never warped . maybe i should see if its big where i live , in grand rapids , mi
that doesn't sound all that bad though .
will you read to me ? i'm sleepy .
uh you should drink water
lol maybe you will one day
well live bets and slots , i once met a man who i think was a vampire there
blogging does tell people a lot about topics and lets the writer vent
ireland is very nice , japan is my next stop .
no i love some meats and some fish and salads .
i'm sorry to hear , what about your siblings ?
i do , it is actually my brother .
wow , who is that actor that was in that church ?
yes my favorite is tupac . i wish i was like he was .
that's amazing ! what sport did you compete in ?
when did you learn how to play ?
hello ! i'm good how are you ?
do you like to garden at all ?
i like snowboarding and horseback riding .
what sushi sound like windy
ah marketing , the great science of human nature . do you enjoy it ?
i do martial arts , i have a contest coming up soon
yup . it is hard sometimes though . we just moved into our new apartment .
oh okay . you like being outside ? i do .
i do mostly weddings but elegant or upscale parties too .
i assume you are man , my apologies madam
ll , not more savage than ufc fights that i watch . my son loves the blood !
i prefer different rock and roll
hey how are you today ?
i am great . charlie and i are just sitting here watching the wind blow .
great ! i just got back from an art museum . you ?
i actually grew up on the farm and now i work veterinarian
for sure , influencing lives and following your passion is important i think . . .
oh that's nice . i make mony
it is its very dark at times like my favorite color
nice , i do read but not on iphone , my mom read to me alot
i am sure ! anything else about you i should know ?
it is . i spend most of my time on social media .
that's interesting . i would love to start my own insurance company .
that's fun i wish i had more friends i just hang with my dog
watching dirty harry waiting for a body .
ll i bet ! that's cool . who do you do best ?
hey , hows it going ? i am eating pizza .
pretty good , i need that to keep my mind off the break up of my girlfriend
no actually i do not . what are you up to ?
i am bruno , how about yours ?
i thought about being a teacher before i went into accounting
a local hospital . clerical position for now . i am 20 , so i have got growth potential .
me too . my parents do not know .
it happens . i find them all the time at my office .
walking dead , are you watching it too ?
oh how old are you ?
hello ! i used to for a cable company , and recently started working for verizon .
7 years . you'd think my family would like her by now but they do not .
yes , but i need you to tell me where to park ?
i do , a lab named pizza my fav food
hello , how are you tonight ?
hi how are you doing
i like watching movies with my wife .
i like halo 3 and i usually play on platform 4
your family sounds like mine .
well , i am good at piano , but its at the bar with no power ! ll
my husband stays with kids onthe weekend . then i work m f at my other job
i am great actually . hows your morning going so far ?
consider adding more protein to your diet , it will keep you full .
i believe that anything i want to achieve , i can . how about you ?
absolutely . i have a quiz tomorrow for my biology degree .
lol yes mine is how are you today ?
sept is my last month then off to the real world to get a job .
cool ! i am more of a sports fan , love watching tennis or golf on tv
fantasy mostly . i am trying to create my own start up company .
i'll be your best one ! ! ! we can walk my 3 dogs .
me too ! tell me about yourself .
that's cool ! i also walk to get exercise .
on your mark , get set , go !
wow ! that's a good piece of advice .
red hot chili peppers !
pretty good do you work ?
canada is great for winter sports too .
it was a mission from god . its now my goal to be world foremost salesman .
i can live off of chinese food when i'm at work
i work out to much to handle being in a wheel chair
hi how are you today
i'm glad . heres to you ! toasts you with a sip of sprite
well , i also read books . better than movies sometimes .
do you like taylor swift at all ?
lol . me too . i'm the same way with my camera .
hi ! just got new braces . . . my mom refused when i said no .
nice ! ! i enjoy and love my grandkids we do a lot together .
i'm disabled but i volunteer for an organization
that's sick i've a pitbull lol
that's what my husband said his last wife became
i work a lot on a computer an wish i could read actual books more
i've a big and long fingers .
i don't believe in holidays
wow we have stuff in common . that's great . i've a dance competition this weekend .
that's good . you depressed ?
oh when are you going there ?
no , there is a place outside milwaukee i go .
great . how are you doing ?
ah yes . i love reading . just got done reading the scarlet letter
i like to take walks by the lake
do you have a girlfriend ? mines always threatening to leave me
this is very true .
alright well , take it easy
why where do you live ?
exactly . two dogs should be a selling point on dates .
i am willing to put the extra worl
hello , how are you doing today ?
are you cooking just for yourself ?
hello ! how are you today ?
i am looking to move from alabama to somewhere else within the next year
i am good . i have a spanish last name but tell people it is italian .
i love every bit of what i do
oh my . i prefer staying home and playing videogames myself .
yes it is , i eat steak an play my video games other than that . . .
haha . what does your company make do ?
that's nice , i have a really long commute
i'll make sure and check it out .
cats are so cute ! do you live alone or are you married ?
yea i love music ! have you heard katy perris new single . she's my fave
isaiah rashed is a real banger
oh . i enjoy drawing and like comics .
i'd definitely trade the beach for my little farm and herding cattle lol
i said cooking did i not ? i might not have i am very forgetful .
i like to watch what i eat but it is not working
hello . how are you doing today ?
hi there , how are you ?
hello , how are ya ?
yes it is . it will be worth it in the end . what do you do ?
thanks , you too ! and good luck in your class .
why , whats happening ? can it be worse than a morning herding 1st graders in fire drill ?
hello to my fellow earthlings . how is everyone ?
that is interesting . where are you from ?
i am retired , i spend my day in my garden
i am looking to move from alabama to somewhere else within the next year
so i see . it is ok .
ooooooo , books ! what are those ? technology is just so advanced .
i am so great . for sure , no fl now . unless you are really good at swimming ?
maybe we should just all go get a steak best food in the world
i enjoy yoga but would rather play tennis .
no , thanks ! i am 32 . i should get a wife , not a cat .
pikes peak . i am curently exploring famous mountains when i've time .
very nice , the club i work at is very popular and i've long work nights .
i went to university and finished three years ago
tell me some things about yourself
i am pretty good at it . even made some money competing .
no . ink . why do you ask so many questions . mr . thomas is dumb .
hello , do you work or go to school ?
once it is nice give it to me .
no it gets interesting . my dad help me . he teaches asian literature .
sounds good ! i am mark . what do you like to do ?
i would be it would be , do you like katie perry ?
i've long , blonde hair . i am only 22 . my mom died over 20 years ago .
i bet , my dad went missing last year ,
does it get busy at your library ? whenever i used to go it was always empty .
cool . my tennis shoes are red , i wear them to go for runs .
i use to be a cashier at that gas station . but i got fired though
cute ! my college sweetie and i are more into swimming . ya will have any other couple activities ?
i do i buy some from my house
i work a lot on a computer an wish i could read actual books more
yeah . she is still kicking .
what was your dream ? ? ?
my age is not important , only my beliefs
an education is a good thing to get . i never did .
mmm i think its called china bowl or something like that .
want a beer ? my treat !
hi , how are you doing today ?
i can also take allie to work with me , she likes that . people adore her .
i do ! i like watching soccer and i like playing volleyball ! you ?
i think my daughter mentioned that show !
www thank you ! that means a lot from an accomplished swimmer !
lucky we have brown eyes the whole family
good for you . i need to get out and walk to my local library more .
no like dragons and stuff yuck
hey how are you today ?
that would be really rad
do you own a house ?
do you have time to eat enough , being so busy ? i love to eat . clot .
i love watching college football all day saturday and sunday
that is okay . i am much too overweight to be lifted .
what do you do for a living ?
the dog of course . he is the only one who matters .
that is a nice car . what do you enjoy doing on your leisure time ?
besides listening to music i also like to knit from time to time
no . still waiting for a dragon . how about you ?
how about a tv show ? my favorite right now is the walking dead .
tell them to keep it down ! i can be noisy to with my singing
i have a sister . what about you ?
you sound lonely . it seems like its what you are designed to be .
that is cool . did you save up for school beforehand ?
tell me more , i am writing a story about people with cats
where abouts ? grew up about 30 minutes south !
yes , i have 422 cats also so . . .
your neighbors to the south . ohio
i like video games in my spare time
great . i just had what i hate for dinner vegetables i made a mistake
i like hanging out with my dog . he is a bichon frise . just fed him a pork chop . you ?
that is impressive . do you get a lot of exercise there ?
i love music , especially gospel music
so you already told me !
i'm in the national guard . we do drills and such .
my mom still has her accent i love it
awesome on saturdays in the fall i tailgate before football games
i eat what people give me
my father is a surgeon , i don't work right now while in school .
hi , how are you ? i'm unwell for i sit on my computer for hours and hours .
yeah yeah , i'm in highschool , guess i will get to it haha
bowling ? crazy ! so you like sports ?
i'm the youngest of 7 kids and my parents are no longer together .
haha ! ! you gonna travel any more anytime soon ?
haha yes a little bit . i look like a character from the avatar movie .
hello how are you today
totally . i always look for ways to make money easily .
winter is my favorite season , i don't like the fall season
no i have not . maybe that could be your first film !
oh , same here . i have the best mom though .
it is all good . you stay in school and get your education .
i try to work out everyday . do you have a lot of friends on base ?
i dropped out of college and i know things will change in my life
they are fashion designers . what else do you do for fun ?
and btx mom , yeah , she dead , killed , morto , 6 feet under .
yummy i also like french vanilla and i am allergic to hazelnut .
oh no what do you do in your free time ?
i go to the local art school , maybe i know them ?
that sounds so much fun .
what season you like ? tv shows ? like what ?
do you have any plans today ?
do you wear a suit for surfing ? i wear suit and ties and i like it .
that sounds wonderful ! i love hiking because of how green things are .
hey you ! hows it going ?
love watching halloween movies in october . love halloween so .
well i surround myself with lots of friends , so i guess that is like having a family .
what kind of music to you dance to ?
i could . bears are really cute !
that an important job , i love to cook and bake . do you have any hobbies ?
i'd but i am going to move places soon so i am not sure .
great here , working on a truck and eating pizza with my doberman .
i love people . pretty much a social queen . any other hobbies ?
what is your style of clothing ? mine is donna karen
i am rather introverted and don't have a wide circle of friends . enjoy nature .
i often dream of traveling to take pictures in the rain
i like comics over anything else . how old ?
nice but do you play video games ? i do .
hey ! how is it going tonight ?
i am blessed as well . my entire family supports me in my efforts .
yes , that's my favorite too , i watched in my condo
do you like superman ? he's my favorite !
for exercise i've been riding my bike . you ?
i like wine sometimes . what is your favorite ?
oh that sucks , since you have cats . i am super afraid of spiders
i would fish but right now the fish will just be on the land soon !
i love fresh fruit since i try to eat healthy
ah well that's nice ! i don't drive . it is bad for the environment .
i am more into hard rock . who do you know from martius ?
doing ok just finished my shift at the hospital
nice ! what are your other hobbies ? i love to camp
do you have to driver very far to get to work ?
hi ! i am good ! just playing with my dogs !
hi ! how are you doing ?
good , just got back from a run
that was my childhood dream ! but i was my high school valedictorian and got a full ride scholarship
ever since i was a young girl ! i am in school for it now !
oh nice i love naps ! i would also like to study abroad in spain .
ahahah . that reminds me of that movie zoolander
i hope we win today we play at kanas city
fine , just playing with my cats
super for the ice caps and my diet coke ! you didn't pass the coke test , btw
what is your favorite animal ?
i usually are watching anime
no . i spend time taking care of my twin girls .
i like attack on titan , u ?
i might consider it . sounds cool
maybe i can focus on the gardening
so maybe one day we could get married and have a couple kids together
i i drive over 300 miles
how sad . my neighbor was a cop and i help him out at times
no but i do have a pair of shoes . do you have any pets ? ?
i have 2 . it is annoying taking them outside from the third floor
it is . my fav colour and fav flower , now you just mentioned my favourite band
i'm a barista at a coffee house i do not have a lot of time
hi , how are you today ?
only on facebook , if that counts lol . what grade does your mom teach ?
that does sound like fun , whats your favorite place to go ?
i have been teaching for 8 years , so far .
video games are what i like to do in spare time .
my peanut butter and bacon cupcakes sell the best .
sure ! are you close to your family ?
i know what i'm having for lunch tomorrow .
love cherries . my dogs do too . they are boxers .
i love to read my favorite is anne of green gables
on weekends i bike ride but mostly i spend my time on reddit . you ?
oh that's young . what breed ?
yeah , i want to change the world . what about you ?
that sounds like fun . i just purchased my first car !
those are cute names , my last dog was sirius .
that makes sense i should work out more to
hey ! hows it going tonight ?
it is , but my roommates help out sometimes .
why are you making a robot
i'm unemployed . high school was kind of the last thing i really did
all my pictures show me having fun !
it was an accident watson my dear boy ! she was hot ! !
nice i've only ever read the dark tower by stephen king . seen it yet ?
a old prom picture lol
not if you inherit it and then reinvest . that s what trump did . lots do .
i live in california . those are good foods
do u play or just like to watch ?
that's a lot of siblings .
cool . i gravitate toward concert t shirts myself .
cool do you play an instrument
just for fun before my senior year started . any hobbies ?
i was a passenger in a car with a drunk driver . i lost most of my friends .
well how can you say that when its always a mystery lol
lol harsh . no one can stand waiting an hour for me to get ready
my moms a checker at germans , a grocery store ; and i work as her supervisor .
ford ? really ? i've to disagree . i'll stick with saving the environment .
i'm great ! how are you ? what do you like to do for fun ?
they're nice . i cook for them in appreciation of their help .
i love fashion since i was young . that's why i moved to ny .
great ! having a hard time making decisions , you ?
hi how are you doing today
because of the basis of wicca .
i bet that's ! lucky you .
what do you do for a living
nice ! something in we have in common . i like to sleep very late also .
hello , how are you ? tell me something about yourself
kids . i am sure if my students knew it was a veggie they would throw it .
i take care of my mum and dad now that they're old .
that can be fun . how old are your kids ?
i like kid pop its safe an clean
is that even a legal wage ?
i am from a rich country where we have beards
not yet , there are none close to me unfortunately . i'd be there every day ! haha
yeah for sure . i hope you do great in life .
other kids used to call me that .
that sounds great , and affordable !
that's alright i guess . money is just the fuel to our narcissistic society .
pasta is my favorite and it is cheap
it is going pretty good . yours ?
i really enjoy trying new recipes .
i'm sure it was . i enjoy driving my car .
why do not you go back to college ? i've a marketing degree
not too many things are better than the beach
wow they sounds like vampires
what do you do in life ?
it is so beautiful out ! i love fall .
what do you do for a living ?
good evening . read any good books lately ?
no , but i'm thinking about telling them when friends and i play tabletop games
cool , i like to walk my dog named bob . where do you live ?
nope my mommy won't have anymore i like tv though
i just spilled my spaghetti in my new chevy . i love spaghetti .
it is a cool job , especially because i do not have to deal with technology
why do you say that ?
must be fascinating ! i do crafts those are fun . and also enjoy drawing .
i own the restaurant with my family . i like basketball .
i'm an adopted child and work in accounting .
no , i do not make enough money .
hello how are you today ?
i will keep that in mind !
i like meat as well , meat lovers pizza are the best
are you in highschool or college ?
i'm okay . just got broken up with .
hello there . how are you ?
any other hobbies ? i really like to read crime novels when i'm not working .
i'm doing great . anything interesting with you ?
neat my dad is very strict we can event get a cat !
i enjoy it , you know what i don't enjoy ? broccoli .
he loves the cat so that is good . . . lol
is that all they server ?
i believe that birthdays are really special and unfortunately still call my ex boyfriend on his .
how are you this evening ?
people though i should play basketball because of my height , i prefer weightlifting
you want to tell me about it ?
no , but i like to play guitar . do you like music ?
i play guitar . my elder brother taught me . do you play any instruments ?
you could become an olympian if you stick with it . i write freelance .
that is good . do you volunteer there ?
i don't like to watch any type of television .
good , good . do they like them tailgate parties ? i sure do .
i love that small orange dog on that show .
my victorian house has a huge attic full of old video games
that's cool . do you have kids ?
sounds like fun ! i have to practice with the team today . the minnesota wolves .
hey hows it going ?
green is my favorite color .
hey , i am exceptionally smart , so this will be a breeze !
federal government . did you sing in college ? i did .
that's awesome i was born in france and moved to canada when i was young
good thanks . i am home on leave from the army . you ?
nice and relaxing here in florid
disney movies are fun . i always enjoyed lady and the tramp . dogs are my favorite .
i am not married , but i love doing fun things .
i have three dogs . they're my world .
maybe you should come and work with me
i don't hate dogs but i'll be more comfortable without them
i do , but i also wouldn't mind making some extra money being able to sell them
hi , i am a mechanic who lives alone . . . how about you ?
if i could ever get a break from my simi truck repair job i'd love too
yes we go to some concerts
thank you have a good night .
that is really cool do you have any phobias ? spiders terrify me
ha no one cares . i eat nothing but jerky smoked dead cow
i do indeed . meet them all at college and when i swim
pistachio is definitely the best
what do you eat ? i like in nyc an i love it , parks are cool .
i understand . i'm a 44 year old grandma and they run me out .
a hike always be nice
i liked that version a lot
i taught my daughters how to bake some pie and cook a dish
i'm doing good . . . . how are you ?
suburbs . but i like to go to state or national parks whenever possible .
oh , you are welcome , anytime !
yes . i never got to do much , i had to start work at a young age .
yes my husband died and i have almost grown children in college
i heard the color yellow makes you happy , so that is my favorite
oh what are you studying ?
wow that sounds really exciting ! i have never traveled to europe
i have been taking dance since i was very little .
how are you doing tonight ?
great . i think i'm going to make some too .
oh , i see . how did you ride horses ?
i can go and visit her but i miss her at home
hi how are you doing
what do you tutor kids in my history class is too hard this semester
i have a robot and love it
same here i should probably start working soon but i work from home online
i could play piano for you and you could teach me to cook fish .
i found a stray cat today i really adore cats
that should definitely help you out
good that they're healthy . mine almost always have pneumonia .
hi how are you doing today ?
you can always pay for it
i love weight lifting not going for squats ever
that might be nice . i enjoy traveling so may do something
so young . well , growing up is fun and hard .
i'm mary
i hope to eventually . what do you like to do for fun ?
cool beans , i enjoying dancing it keep me together
do you get free steaks or meats ?
very ambitious ! there's no ice there . . . yet , right ?
pretty good just doing some research on adopting a dog .
i like the vikings cause purple is my fave
nursing . i have spent a few days in the hospital during my career .
do you like to go to the beach
reading , beaching some . . . football alot everywhere
cool , i like movies and their soundtracks . i'm actually in a band .
my gf left me . i'm sad about that . i wanted to watch tv .
the university of nebraska lincoln , its a great school .
yeah and i quit drinking recently
i want to but my mom is unhealthy so i stay with her
so very true . i think adam levin should be in so many movies .
that sounds like it could be a nice evening !
how how are you doing
what kind of stuff do you usually carve in it ?
that's so cool , i go water skiing on the weekend .
i play drums in my free time with my band , do you drive ?
i don't mind shopping too much , if its the sporting goods store anyway
i sometimes wish i did . but i love my job too much
i had to drive a long time to get them too .
that is a shame , my son james is 3 , he's allergic to dogs .
i never liked disney . i do like travel though .
i live in the usa !
your parents sound great . have they been split up for long ?
hi i am doing okay how are you
hello . my family runs a small bakery . and you ?
well my true idol is in ufc
that is awesome do you plan on moving anywhere else
nice ! do you also have a scooter ? ?
marduk is the only band for me .
what kind of movies do you love ?
even the dark ? maybe you can add some happy music from the eighties !
ya of coarse 7 is a lucky number why did you scratch your nose
i am great , just sitting at home and working online .
i got in the circus business through my grandfather and dad .
well , i like being in the country but like city life too
i have one he's cool yo
does she like to fish ? that is a deal breaker for me . i love fishing
hello , how are you today ?
not a big fan of movies . . i read lot of stuff
that sounds interesting . i do not know a lot about reduit . what does that involve ?
hmm , that's what i'm going to school for .
i enjoy fishing , i live near a lake
pomeranian that follows me everywhere .
wow what do you do for work
who are you calling now ?
hey , hows it going ? pleased to chat with you
hi how are you this evening ?
greed is good and money greases the tracks lol
you can when you get off for sure !
very cool . i own a bar down there . come drink you writer .
yeah , i like playing video games lol and you ?
i haven't i learned about it on jersey shore tho they spent a season there
i studied at school in chicago . where abouts do you go ?
hello , how are you ? i'm a girl and dogs are the animals that i love .
i surely will how are you ?
you make your own clothes
who says fashion designer isn't a real job ?
oh , i like rock bands . whats your favorite color ?
its a good thing i moved very far from my home and previous stalker .
harry potter , i've read them twice .
that sounds like a real rush
why not join a volunteer group ? we always need new volunteers at my non profit !
i am saving money too college is expensive
i am doing great thanks ! how are you ?
nice , i commend you on your perseverance
what kind of music do you listen to ?
that's great . i was recently hired at a new position so i've that going for me .
i am 5 foot 7 one day i'll inherit this farm
i love chocolate too preferably cake lol
i see , you have a bad experience with horses ?
i am doing pretty ok
what color is your hair ? mine is red .
i don't have any pet at home .
i would not know , i've never been out of the us .
i like being alone seeing as i've ocd
yes and it is much easier than dealing with crowded stores .
you'll get there soon enough .
wow that sounds great . i practice law , so much less cool !
that is cool . my wife and i plan to go scuba diving soon .
i love beachcombing and the peaceful sound .
have never had an iphone only androids
that is nice . i'm about an hour away so i cannot do that
incest for launch the time
i play with my dolls
i previously used to work in a factory with many people
pinterest is a great resource ! i get many decorating ideas for parties there .
no , a smaller one about surfing , which is one of my hobbies
i like shrimp . i like them fried and then dip them in bbq sauce
not much . being out of work , i have no money .
my dad is 43 , i'm almost 18 .
well , i own my own coffee shop .
that is a great idea there are so many that need homes
i'm hoping to catch up on sleep
nice . the closest that i have come to being an athlete was when i raced go carts .
hey how are you doing ?
i have lived in the us all my life it is all i know
not much , just seen both my children off to school , you ?
what do you do for a living ?
i view electronic books more than physical books
i'm not yelling , i'm using cap lock .
hi i'm amy do you have any hobbies ?
yeah i'm retired so i enjoy my church community
good morning , how is your weekend going ?
it is important to have hobbies . i like cars , and working on them in the morning .
that must be very tiring
chocolate is my other weakness .
that's too bad . i'm a waitress with 5 siblings .
i play the piano myself , was taught by private tutor
thanks ! what is your favorite season ? i like summer .
that's strangely off topic . . .
never seen it before but i do love cats
i only eat alligator . alligator is very tender , you should try it !
doing good . how are you ? what have you been doing lately ?
very cool , i wish i could garden but i live in a small apartment .
i've 828 pigs and want one more
of course ! i love clem . she's so tough . i'm ready to play season 3 !
haha . i love it . my 2 cats are big pretzel lovers
are you okay after those crashes ?
make yourself i strong drink . . . i use a diet coke for my drinks
well you would like my eyes then . also my shades
well i've tons of money , we would be a good match
i will be on a cruise so multiple places . do you travel ?
oh ok did i mention i can only see two hundred feet infront of me
i've never been in a hurricane thankfully .
no not really , do you wanna come ?
turquoise . i love it ! its got some green in it .
me , i et either cheese or chili corn dogs . no hamburgers .
what do you like to do for fun ?
what will you be ? i cannot wait to dress up . so fun !
do you have any pets ?
never played myself but yes a big fan . you have a hobby ?
i am trying to learn to cook . anything is doable right ?
yes although i am not fond of the crazy weather . i recently dyed my hair blonde
i am scared to ski . bowling is my thing !
feeling good ! retiree with good health . what more could you ask ?
how is the weather now ?
bobby and billie . i got them at the shelter i like to donate time to
lasagna and bread . for dessert there is cheesecake . i love to cook .
yes . it is beautiful here when i meditate my buddhism
well , that'sn't good , and i do not think it is right
that would be really fun to do
yes i do . a wife and two kids .
huh ? i'm moving soon myself to san diego
i've only one , she studied 2nd class
she's . neither of our husbands like rugby , lol . what are your hobbies ?
hello tell me about yourself
i suppose how are you today
oh wow , i always do the left one first for good luck
i read two books today . what about you ?
how far away is it ?
doing great . my given name is william , but i go by bill .
i do not work outside the home , but i like crafts and drawing .
that's cool . does that enable you to travel much ? i would like to travel .
cashier , lol . my employer wasn't modern , he felt girls needed to be up front .
yeah i do ! do you like bowling ?
i enjoy reading when i've time .
my parents were both teachers , so i thought i might , but no
that's awesome , i do not know what i want to do after high school .
both . what is your favorite holiday ? mine is christmas .
i love to read and usually munch on chicken nuggets when i do . do you like music ?
oh , that's very cool .
i'm trying to better myself at my local college .
i do that's what i told the team i played this morning at the basketball game .
good for you . . . as for me i'll continue to be crabby .
my husband was a soldier . i buy him flowers on remembrance day
nice i love snow but no snow in sacramento
what do you do for fun
i love batman . what kind of things do you eat ? i only eat organically grown items .
mine is 62 because that was the age i retired at
i'm sorry to hear that . my family has been very encouraging to me , i'm lucky !
thanks for reminding me i had forgotten !
i love watching csi , do you have a favorite tv show ?
well of course ! you would need that !
wherever usually i'm up for trying new areas , maybe find atlantis ha
i'm pretty tired . i went on a long hike today . how about you ?
all you have to do is get up .
my 2 children love that show , but i would rather be out hunting
were you in prison before ?
little plastic toys and they all wear raincoats . so they sent me away .
i'm living in my car , a toyota camry , just outside of la for now .
i'm a retired cable worker . living the life on the beach .
yes i met my husband at his show back in highschool we have 2 kids now
no , me neither , i work at mall .
i should adopt a new friend .
with my band , we travel a lot
what are you up to tonight ? i just got home from a football game
yes , pizza is my vice ! sour candy is good , also .
do you have any pets ?
great choice . what do you do for a living ?
i have been looking for someplace warm to get away to . mexico has some great resorts .
that is great ! i love music . singing songs by the lumineers makes me happy .
eating ice cream , are you student ?
sadly no . no one likes a nerd .
i saved it . i want to open my own stable .
how are you doing today ?
yeah . once whiskers , that is his name , sets his mind on something there's no stopping him .
we sound like we would get along
being from springfield missouri the midwest doesn't offer much
do you have any pets ?
i'm from virginia . are you a student ?
i used to have 6 kats but do not hav them no mor
yea very much so . it has been 2 years since seeing her .
i think that would be a great job . i also love to listen to music , especially indie .
i love to party and go out with friends to the orchestra ! how about you ?
hi , cartographer , painter , bagel maker , arm wrestler and ex nurse . you ?
hi there , how are you ?
is that a long movie ? few hours ? that's what i spend at the pool
oh my , those are a lot of cats ! you are doing amazing things sweetie
so i want to be a nascar driver when i grow up . i'm 14
i'm in college and work in the library .
i do not really have time for any hobbies right now .
i make cakes cookies and cup cakes
i prefer nighttime but daylight is pretty if i had my coffee
lots of places to get help . do you like motorcycles ? i have one .
i'm a closet death metal fan when i'm not sneaking in some cartoons .
i'm okay . i do not have work today , so i'm just relaxing .
oh , that's weird . how do you hunt ?
they shed a lot though i'm always cleaning up after her
we are still studying it further , but it turns out as you said , it is addicting
i love rock ; my favorite band is the doors . you ? and you are a 10 10 .
i only eat dairy free chocolate as a vegan . violin sounds fun .
i think we will be great friends
a lot of people are actually .
the wall . hands down . i can get lost in it
i love peanuts . do you think the allergy craze is a hoax ?
i do . i named him blue after my favorite color . what about yours ?
hey whats up ? well i'm a dancer . that usually keeps my mind calm
7 . since i've never driven , my wife was always running them around . you ?
hi names alice and i do not like the holidays because i've to work
that's interesting . i actually love to read . a lot .
yes i do freelance every now and then such as data entry , etc
damn that's a tough way to make a living
i see i enjoy reading american literature what do you enjoy ?
i've traveled to 7 countries in europe and 3 in asia .
hi there . how is it going ?
superman is what we call matt ryan !
i'm doing well . how are you ?
ok sounds cool . i really like blind side
believe me , they like it .
where did you go to school ? i went to princeton .
i never watch that one i love acting show
please speak kindly upon dogs i want to work with them
right ? ! ? i like to watch superhero themed movies and television shows on my iphone though .
yeah . sad about florida and texas and all those fires in the nw .
i love to watch disney movies , sounds silly , but they are my favorite .
any cool colors , not brights most blues , wearing blue now
i would rather not talk about my father , but i am gonna adopt a dog
nope born alone in baton rouge . yourself ?
how are you doing today ?
yes , and the others make a good choice for him to play against .
oh thanks ! do you have a job ?
yes . do you have any hobbies ?
that's a fun age i think .
i surf and turf when i can . you seem as smart as i am . you sing ?
how is your time spent the most ?
no one likes to dance with me because i have fat fingers
i like it when i can get away from my job at the grocery store
i do not have time to do that , too many dogs and cats at my place .
i travel at times . . . . like to fish when i get to areas with lakes .
that's sick you ever bowl ?
no idea . i wish i had a good plan .
i'm in college . . . i'm only 21 . i cheer for my schools football team ! ! !
well that would certainly be exciting
yea haha a food critic with an allergy to seafood . i'll trade ya
awesome my favorite food is sausage pizza
yellow ! i wear yellow daisies in my short hair .
i do not have a preference . what do you like to eat ?
i enjoy taking road trips anywhere !
yeah , pretty new . it is my first year .
no i'm not right now but will be soon
i'm in the us . it is a pair of knitting needles !
yum ! i'll make that next time i head down to the creek .
hi how are you today
i'm a stay at home mom , my husband works . what type of art ?
taking photos is my favorite thing to do
i think my family would be pissed , well i'm an orphan
i give deep sea fishing tours at the beach sometimes
sounds good . i have had a buffalo burger years back . that was delicious
wow . that is a lot of kids . are you married ?
i love art ! i have been looking to get a professional painting of my parrot , burt .
really . how old are you if you do not mind saying
anything reliable . i need to get to my job at mcdonalds so i can save more money !
sounds fun ! i am going shoe shopping later .
hi , how are you today ?
i do not really have a favorite .
you gotta be optimistic . my parents are over 100 and still optimistic
lol yeah i should think a little more , but when your from london . . . you do not haha
i love learning my friend took me to a empty parking lot and let me drive
right on . i was just practicing playing the bass .
that now that sounds exciting !
absolutely . what do you do for a living ?
green . love all those greens . do you play sports ?
what cartoons ? yeah , it is because i hae a great smile .
rainbows , i think they are beautiful .
sounds fun , i am getting ready for hunting tomorrow morning .
same here ! i just took my car for a little spin . very relaxing .
i am vegan so i love animals . same here with the farm volunteering
that's good . i just have work , my dog , and my striking good looks .
cool that sound pretty cool haha
neat . at school , there is a person with a tattoo on her eyelid .
i am not a shy person but i keep my circle small .
ok we don't have to play , anything else fun about you ?
like take out ? i love it
i love dr . pepper . probably why i am so round !
ops time wasn't up . glad to know you love baseball .
do you have any children ?
i love people . pretty much a social queen . any other hobbies ?
me too ! i love to visit the tiger sanctuary and hold the cubs .
i am a teacher at a preschool .
that's so cute ! where are you from by the way ?
oh , thank you . i'd love to marry a lawyer .
do you have hairless cats
i am sure that'sn't true
what do yall hunt for , also what is your age
that sounds fun . i don't go out much because of my allergies .
well , music is art and it helps me when i cannot connect with people
just 2 years . my boss at my bookkeeping job got me started
i hope you will get so way that you love
that is good . i wish i could say that about myself . . . i feel stuck in life .
you must be very righteous . do you think magic is real ?
yes , i'm married to my husband . are you ?
yes ! my car stopped working last week but i do not care . i just run .
camping is fun ! as long as i can bring my scotch collection
just on the old internets . what book ?
my brother is a musician and travels a lot but i stay here for the same reason
great hobby . . i'm a small business man
that sounds delicious ! i like to make clothing
i enjoy cooking for them . not baking though .
hi how are you tonight
customer service job . but i applied for a couple of companies so i'm waiting
that is real sad have you tried to tell them
hi . i'm super lazy
i'm into pizza boring i know lol
hi how are you today
my toddler love her too . everyone should .
i get it from reading a lot of comics and watching anime .
sounds like we have a lot in common . how do you feel about urban farms ?
that's cool what do you like to watch on tv
hello , how was your day today
that sounds like fun ! i just sleep all day
what are you going to eat ?
yes raining good here . . . the perfect day for a book
i have a few ! i like animation , netflix , and iron maiden
yes , an easy enough mistake but very different
ha ! not ignorant , just not always politically correct in social situations .
yeah she'sn t so great . not like madonna at all .
i don't like seafood .
never been to sicily , is it like italy ? what is a tech industry ?
i agree . have you seen goodfellas ?
have you ever traveled outside the us ?
is your fiances family more accepting ?
i'm good i like to blog i mostly have blog with popular publishers
yes i do ! i have 2 !
i have a daughter , just graduated top of her class . so proud .
i work way to much . i'm saving up for a corvette .
i'd love to market that . i have my business degree . where are you ?
urban farms are the best . there's one on top of my apartment building .
you sound smart ! lots of people have trouble giving up eggs and fish .
i do when i go to watch football games i see them all here in alabama
i'm great , just left the gym .
why do they call it a 4runner ?
i live near the ocean , so my hiking is long treks in the sand !
hey there , how are you ?
hi how are you today
you sure can ! i met him in a cave during halloween last year
of course i do , they're all the colorful saltwater fish you see in nemo
i have never watched star trek , is it good ?
cool do you play sports
i'm chris . big plans for the weekend ?
water skiing , that is what i was doing today with my cousins
those are cute and friendly dogs . what do you do for a living
hello , do you like dogs
that amazing . i wish i could paint here . a lot of skyscrapers to paint in ny
twister , its kind of an older movie . nice that sounds like fun .
sometimes i assist her to sort novels in the library !
oh that is extremely sad i'm sorry . do you have other family ?
is it all organic ? i found that sometimes chemicals are necessary .
what color is it ? do you want to marry me ?
hi how are you doing
me too what part do you want to visit
yea i am always on the go . i fix airplanes fix up junk cars .
cool ! where do you live ? i live in grand rapids , michigan .
nice . personally , i like being outdoors .
ha sounds great ! my girlfriend cooks for me sometime we have been together 7 years
oh i am really sorry , cats rock
that is so great . where do you live ?
never too old ! do you have any hobbies ? i love to read .
yes , we have great a great music scene here , i love kings of leon .
no worries . what are oyu up to ?
sure sounds fun . i've a dog , named socks .
she did like it alot ! are you reading any books right now ?
1 , 921 miles to be exact
i am newly single as of recent . how are you ?
that is part of it . plus you said you are a gossip hound . then the picnic talk .
better than tv or the movies in my opinion !
i am pretty wild , i don't know if you could hang
okay . . rough day waiting tables . . headed to class soon . and you ?
i'm very well . . . how are you doing ?
nah , its better to be a lonely waitress than be around people
sounds good ! this woman loves some bbq ! lol
i met my husband when we were 18 if that counts lol did you
nice ! i like strawberries and dislike tofu . i've never played lets play .
my name is jenn . do you like movies ?
i will do that . thank you .
sounds nice , it is winter over here . i'm a student , how about you ?
hi , it is nice to meet you . do you go to school around here ?
do you have any hobbies ?
hi , i will try to make this fast for us .
wow , that must come as a shock to you . sorry . music will help you out
so you do not have any other friends a part from her
i mostly take care of my four cats
how are you doing this fine evening ?
they're very cool if they're who i think they're
hi , how is it going ?
well , i speak three languages french english and spanish , so anything really
back then i used the same fake name i now use when i write novels .
wow got some height on you . do you work
hi what do you do
oh wow . well go outside more it helped me get over smoking . any piercings ?
good thanks . hope you are too .
i work at one of the major coffee chains , i love it
i do ! i follow a mexican on social media and like every post i see there
i drive a 98 jaguar xj8 . i love things like look old fashioned . you ?
i guess . do you play music ?
when did you take it over ?
yes i have on the gun range but i like gardening more
great . just working on my art and feeding my pets . what about you ?
oh cool , what do you study ?
i'm doing okay . keeping busy today ! what are you doing ?
what kinds of experiments do you do
i like the symphony and choir music
i do not know how to swim either . my two brothers know how to though
thanks a lot ! lets see . it is my first .
i'm feeling groovy . what about you ?
are you a travel agent
that is cool . so you are on your way then !
yes ppl tip very well ! but i really want to be a doctor some day
i work and work and work , no one ever orders . what brings you in ?
i enjoy makeup but not people
then better close your mind up
i am always going to auditions every chance i get
that's not fun . animals are always good to have around .
i am married to the ceo of taco bell . we do have some vegetarian items .
that's great i am glad to hear it
that's random , are you drunk lol
sure it beats being lonely
i agree one hundred percent
i am studying business . i love kitties .
that's cool . whats your favorite food ?
i don't work as an actress anymore but i love what i do !
i am good looking for a job
gordon ramsey is a guy , you think he's weird for being a cook ?
impressive i am an accountant
i am a real big fan of country music
i've a 1969 corvette that i race
lucky ! i've been married a while , but married young . three kids too .
okay , its not a super fun gig but pays decent
yes this broken leg is agitating !
oh gosh . that's so very sad . i am sorry to hear that !
family means more than my company , i wish many feel the same
i've 2 girls how old are your kids
i am good thank you , and you ?
hi ! i am a kid . how old are you ?
hello . care to talk to a receptionist today ?
that's interesting . do you like them ? yes , i live alone , thankfully .
cats love sweaters but my income is limited to 50k so i only make socks and t shirts
it can be interesting , but a little difficult too . it must be fun working with kids ?
what are your hobbies ? any pets ?
nice ! that's for your service ! i love to cook and i own a restuarant .
hi ! how are you doing ?
oh cool , i am at work killing time . haha i work for google .
what are you up to today ?
yes , definitely very talented . what else do you enjoy ?
i love football . i play in a fantasy league .
that sucks maybe you should have worked a little harder
oh you are a kid , make sure you do some type of volunteer work also .
oh that could be a problem lol . what do you do for fun
what do you like to do in your spare time ?
enjoy working out everyday to some nice music by miley cyrus
that's great ! i enjoy swimming . i used to be really good in college .
green . do you have a job ?
my most favorite is christmas , then halloween ! what are you dressing as ?
yeah veggies are good for diabetes . i love fruit and that's all i eat . fruitarian moe .
yes i've a twin her name is jessica ,
i'm into orange juice too , how about you ?
none ! i'm meeting my birth mother today .
i became vegetarian about 10 years ago . i've felt alot better .
oh what season is the best
man i wish i was you lol . you sound easy
do you have any pets ?
mostly i like to take care of my horse . her name is beauty .
i don't have any pets i wish i did sometimes
i practice my dribble a lot . what about you ?
vera died . she had insurance though . you sing ?
great ! i just got back from an art museum . you ?
she survived breast cancer only to get hit by a runaway car
oh okay . . i'm in a book club
best place you have been ? my dad is retired from ge . he made the bucks .
cool i probably will not dress up i am a harsh critic of myself
yeah . i am a bit of a health nut but not green thumb !
my four daughters then do it to
usually once a month . how has your weekend been ?
that's a great one i write better though
music is cool , i like to give people nicknames . . .
hello there how are you ?
no pets and no kids . yet , anyways . do you ?
i can be that way too . but you have to think with your head not your heart
pays the bills . my dad does that and he met my mom at woodstock
that's unfortunate . are you working towards lowering it ?
i understand . so i just went to the chain smokers concert . i love hem
baltimore . whats your favorite food ? i just discovered indian food .
i like more of the old school artists , dolly parton , johnny cash
what kind of plants do you grow ? are you on a diet ?
yes . my 8 brothers and i love indie rock
i am home in studio painting
that's good i am still in high school .
okay that's ridiculous lol . why so many moves ?
i make food very often
good afternoon , what is it you do for fun ?
i'm great waiting to go shopping
no kids . i love sleep too much do have kids . you ?
sorry to here about your husband
i just love the way they look .
not really . only ford f150 trucks . interested in learning though .
i love to sew ! do you have any hobbies ?
so do i , i just wish i had a harley .
sounds like fun ! you play often ?
nice , what kind of food do you like to eat ?
single i'm and i'm okay with it . i'm in the process of purchasing a house .
that is great . my sister plays clarinet in an orchestra and mom is a music teacher .
i have been a gymnast for 3 years its really fun
yes i do . want to travel the country in a rv
it is amazing that you do help so many people
yes , a son and a daughter , you ?
i read it wasn't healthy . sometimes i sneak one in when i watch pretty woman though
is there a reason why jazz is your favorite ? do you like other genres ?
sounds a bit crazy , and hard on a child
are you sure what do they taste like ?
hi how are you today
i go to school and help my grandparents i live with them
that sucks ! education is so expensive ! what grade do you want to teach ?
boring . i am sorry for you , are you cook ?
pfft sounds like my mom , get a job , go to collage . lame !
do you have any pets ? my dog , socks , lives at my parents house .
no i have a girlfriend silly
no i don't know much about that
how do you feel about that ?
my movie collection is over 600 between my dad and i . what do you like ?
i love to shop read and sleep
i don't think it means your going to die .
i have never been there ! have you always live there ?
i usually draw to relax
i have a cat . she's persian .
i don't but i would love to learn . you ?
ok be there in a minute . i am hungry now . what kind of food do you like ?
they're the best ! have you been to maryland ?
i am good and yourself friend ?
yeah we do not have a healthy diet
i am sorry to hear that . i am sure he was good at it . what are your hobbies ?
hi there , how are you ?
yes you can just say you are a friend of mine and you are good to go
well if you ever need any kind of design advice for that , let me know
i do . i love it .
i learned about that while i was training over 20 different animals . what kind of bike ?
i am a junior at stanford . is your mom a professor in the us ?
you should do what you want to do
do you like animals ?
oh yummy ! i am jealous . that sounds amazing
i need to exercise more . maybe with my dog .
not too bad , not too bad . how about yourself ?
no , i do not have any pets .
hi how are you today ?
i am down like a frown , charlie brown
i do not know its just somethin i like to do
accounting is my daily life . cruising in my sports car is my hobby .
not all all . everyone has their own preferences . i mean i read fan fiction .
very nice . where do you work ?
you can take them with you
yea , i bartend and get to vent all the time
i like mystery flavors especially when they're in a cake .
very cool . you should do that ! incubus .
mangos are very good ! especially when its nice and juicy !
i'm a college student . my first big game tonight .
hi how are you doing
that would be awesome ! i wish they would make ovo vegetarian based country songs
that is awesome ! do you take your family out to eat ?
married for 5 years , with only one child !
yes , it can . dating is so hard these days .
i see ! you married ? i love my schwinn bike .
i think magic mike is a movie i like a lot , uh , because of the music .
cool job . my hair is purple . what color is yours ?
i'm vegetarian , so i made a vegetarian lasagna
it is okay . i laugh now lol
ha , that is hilarious . i sing heavy metal really loud and that might count . lol
sam i'm ! ! ! i hate green eggs and ham ! !
aside from being a workaholic , basketball is one of my past times .
i'm in college to become a teacher
i go sometimes to the gym , but sometimes i get lazy
haha ! ! thank you ! do you enjoy your job ?
cool ! do you find much time for riding ?
what 5 , that is a lot . . . i only have 2 siblings .
i lived in the city , no 4h for me .
oh well . i love to bird watch
same here ! i eat very healthy , and do not drink .
awesome . . . i could party to that .
nope but it is in a lot of my harry potter books
oh no , maam . i am good at swingin a bat and stealing second . that is about it .
rainbows , what about you ?
what can i say , i am an imaginative person
i am very well , thank you . how are you ?
i am pretty good i guess . i am even better at eating haha especially cookies and ice cream
ll , no , music . ever tried kale chips ?
yes i do , do you like to hunt ?
family is important to have around .
great ! what do you do for a living ?
hello , how are you ?
was that in 3rd game ? p
bugs are cool , have you seen the easter bunny ?
that is very true . i work in marketing .
my dad dr . wilder bought me his original car when i was 16
not too many . i am pretty interested in travel though , especially hawaii .
he loves it . he has developed my love of reading .
did your mom like mcdonalds ?
i have no siblings , going to the pizza place tonight .
where do you guys live ?
ah , a fellow good spirit ! how are you on this beautiful day ?
that is wonderful ! i love to volunteer , and cheer people up .
maybe a friend will go
do you make clothes out of the animals ?
lol i don't know i might be
no i don't but maybe one day .
how are you doing today
hey there , i am doing well , you ?
oh yes . i am classy too that is why i wear a purple hair
hello what kind of music do you listen to ?
no . i don't get along with anyone even pets
dang they do move on to 5 letter words then . rough .
i am sad my friend left the city i am all alone !
you are right , like old school board games ?
i love women , especially canadian no clue why lol
they do . do you have any pets ?
i love to garden during this time of year .
what kind of life styles do you think would work ?
one day i would like to eat grasshoppers . they have tons of it c
that great what sport do you love ?
what does that entail ? i've never heard of it .
ok i work at the coffee shop
i ride them you hater
hello , how are you doing ?
my cats over heat in my honda while i deliver packages
i am great . how are you ?
i love the beach , it is my favorite place
how many do you have ? i had a long day too . that 9 5 hustle .
good morning how is it going
i wish i knew why my brothers wife doesn't like me .
i think everyone does that . what do you eat ?
make sure you spell the food right ! d
is it black and white like my favorite animal ?
my waitressing job is the only thing keeping me from sewing 24 7 ll .
wow that's very awesome . i give my money to a maid because i hate cleaning
i am raising my two kids on my own now after the divorce , but hoping to meet someone .
it is okay . my mom doesn't even love me
do you enjoy being a dental assistant ?
i work part time at a restaurant .
its starting to get cold . i cuddle up with my pet skunk .
wow , that's a different variety .
i like to dance , especially ballet
that's so nice ! do you speak any languages since you travel so much ?
i am kidding its actually someone who makes maps , i also paint outdoors
i live in boston too .
i play a lot of indie
i work in oil and gas
hey how are you doing today ?
do what i can . i rigged my dad a solar heater for his office . the shed lol
i am well and yourself ?
saving for college . my parents kicked me out at 14 , so its been rough .
hi i am katie . i am a transgender
hello , i like pretty much anything . . as i live in my car .
i bet those weddings are beautiful
do you have any hobbies ?
sounds fun ! i'm a comedian and i love anime and games
o well you should make time for your self to have fun
not really . but that's cool . get to help people enjoy the ocean .
get out ! i'm vegan too ! you like match houses ?
do not like reading ?
i like to hang out with my grandmother who do you hang out with
hola . como estas mi'migo ?
yes they're . no they're not . they're very happy
my younger brother does that and he is a bum
i hope so cause i want a family beyond my animals
i did see a bit of that . weddings on that show ?
girl , i feel you , i teach 8th grade .
hey there ! hows is hanging ?
well that's on you because i can care less
i'm great how are you ?
that's ok ! i'm good ! how are you doing ?
it went so cool . how about for you ?
hey hows it going tonight
oh get some rest later i've a lot of fun with nature .
everyone has their likes or not my team lost tonight .
lol , well , i gotta go . come make a restaurant here in la someday !
yeah , it is my children that really wants me to get a corvette
your foster dad sounds cool . my mother is so awesome ! ! !
hi how are you doing
at a restaurant . how is math ? do you need help ?
really i've rolling stone on my sleeve of tatts
hello , how are you ?
i will . you seem like such a great person
hello how are you today ?
no , i didn't know ! where do you live ?
great , what do you do for fun ?
this chat is so slow i could run the mile faster , did it under 4 minutes once .
one that i could eat without having hives .
you are very slow at typing .
hello how are you tonight
oh you enjoy going for a run ?
i'm from united states . how about you ? i like blue color . whatsis your favorite ?
what hours do you go to work ?
my mom stayed at home with my sister and i . we turned out great
i would imagine . what do you do for fun ?
my dad is retired from postal service . disabled veteran .
i do insurance sales . super boring .
why ? is it the heights or being crammed with people that scares you ?
do you like candy or sweets
why do you spend time there ?
pretty good with my hands , making a few pottery items too .
my friend james rules the world in secret and feeds me pudding .
i do not like when they eat each other , i punish them .
alright have fun on your slow bike .
hi there ! says the tallest woman in the room always . . .
i was just wondering if you knew where i could find krav maga classes .
me too ! i've never been out of the country , i wish i could go to europe !
nothing , i play . it does get old at times . i would rather read .
yes it is great . my cat just came by .
i travel abroad so i speak 3 languages
nice . my mother isn't able to work because she has to care for my grandmother .
i love pizza , but my favorite cuisine is thai
i do everything alone . including travel . all travel . i do it by myself .
yes i did . i am a graphic designer
my favorite shoes are nike cleats . what is your favorite shoe ?
i know right ? i was just thinking that . no i am basically like a teenager .
it is , i am going down to florida next week to help out .
i am alright do you ever run ?
that's a terrible show . she should be scared . i don't watch it .
ham and cheese , how about you
love animals ! i just came in from playing a game of badminton .
yeah but i only have reading glasses at the time
i understand . i am a 44 year old grandma and they run me out .
she is a great tennis player and my dogs love tennis balls
i am good but due for my nightly medications . you ?
oh cool ! i work at the hippest joint in houston , come grab a slice !
oh yes . donuts . cake . muffins . this is why i am a bit hefty .
my name is alice . my husband and i like to walk , but hope to travel more .
i don't but i work with someone at my part time job that does .
do you live by one
i'd rather be shopping . what do you like to do ?
nope i am not . where are you working now ?
good for her ! my boyfriends does not care about it as much as i would like .
what do you do for a living ?
did you catch anything big ?
oh that is an honorable job . i am adopted but my mom stayed home with me
yeah , i wish i could play an instrument though .
very cool that worked out for you . my family and i play sometimes .
congrats i hope to find a nice girl
and that was the question ?
i am a comedian i love little jokes and ones that go to far
nice . i do not have any pets . i want a dog though .
oic . ima hairdresser
am volunteering as an intern in a hospital laboratory .
he is a stinky mutt . named tiki . you have pets ?
hello there . my name is sarah . i am on my way to visit my father in prison .
i graduated from stanford so i probably can .
maybe i need to do that i live in a crappy area and mom is i'll .
how is your day so far ?
my boyfriend join the us army , unhappy now . . .
oh me too ! i've dealt with it though by conquering my fears !
i work here with amazon . i am too old to work now .
great , recently i enjoyed a private lunch with my friend will ferrell
i'm only eight years old , i go to school . where do you work ?
trucking oh my ! greasy diners . cramped up . for me its yoga poetry
well that's awesome guns and roses has aspired me . and they are my fave band .
haha , thanks ! i will be starting an engineering internship in december , can't wait !
how is you night going so far ?
lol i mean i'm sorry . . . try a vegetarian diet . . i use to weigh 500 lbs . not anymore
lol that's funny ! you should travel ! its fun ! i like buses trains cars and plans
i spend too much time in the shop says my better half
that's cool making it from home makes it more enjoyable at times .
i'm not really a tupac fan .
my jobs is kind of odd . i work with skittles
yeah i hear you i'm in school as well
excellent , i love both of those .
what about pumpkins . . do you eat those like i do ?
i love being in the water period
rainbow dash and verity are my favorites . pinkie pie gets on my nerves .
how about baking ? hopefully i can open a bakery when i retire .
i'm an engineer but i'm quitting shortly to travel for a couple of months .
its midnight here too . i'm good , you ?
hmm i do not know what that smells like .
no . are you a sloth ?
hello . what are you up to ?
i want to someday own my own restaurant .
i will be traveling to disney world like we do every year .
that must have been hard on you
is that a tv show ? i spend more time with books .
that's great tell me more i am interested
lyrics are as close to poetry as you can get . have you ever writter poems about color ?
i am sorry . i just feel bad . i feel bad your friends bought you a car
hey there , what is your occupation ?
do you have any pets
oh , i am on my mom account to earn money and i am only 11 year old
do you live with anyone else ? i am alone and lonely today .
its a different look at travel . i travel all the time .
oh she sounds nice . do you have any children ?
good , its a bit rainy though . tell me about yourself .
blue is best , though . i always go for blue whenever i can .
i enjoy hiking and riding my bike .
do you have family in there ?
i am very tired but alive and i love them
you aren't very friendly , are you ?
thank you . maybe we can do it again sometime .
that is great !
my customers are getting too rowdy in the windy city . my bartender says so .
wow . lets have dinner together so we can talk about it . but no red meat
wow that is crazy do you like being outside
i am getting sued i found out today
you could buy used ford cars . maintenance is crucial though .
hi , how are you today ?
do you work ?
all kinds . my favorite is chinese though . how about you ?
i have a lot going on . plus my colorblindness is impairing
yes , in the north east
i'll graduate high school this spring . i work for my dad waiting tables .
sorry to hear . i graduate in september maybe we can play guitar together .
hi . i am about to sit down for a vegan dinner . what do former beauty queens eat ?
i hear ya . i am doing sixty a week but i live to watch the sun come up .
hi how are you doing
the water is an evil mistress
yea , where did you grow up ?
my friends and i love music .
i am 50 too and teach sixth grade
that's nice . it must be nice being able to retire and do what you love .
eggs are the best for brunch
hha that's always fun . i am kind of into art
how long been playing music sounds fun
lol only during the off season . do you like chicken ?
purses out of anything i can find with an exotic print
so unhealthy . i happen to be a fruitarian . i grow most of my food .
that's great ! i've always wanted to learn .
do you think romance is overrated ?
i am a maker of websites
they went for a ride over to your house to check out the pool .
yum ! my favorite is chicken parm . whatever you do , not tacos !
i like music do you ?
same here , it was fun ! good hunting !
are you very health conscious ?
anything good ? i am looking for dog treats . i love my dogs . i love all dogs .
i am not really sure . whenso your birthday ?
i'm not really that old i just like older bands
no , i have not . is it fun ?
just looking at some quail in my back yard . so cute .
same here . i have roommates and they are loud as heck .
yes it is what kind of movies do you like to watch ?
its broke . i sound funny when i sing jazz to the factory workers .
hey friend , how is your evening ?
hello . how are you today ?
congrats ! i just watched the movie halloween again last night . i love horror movies !
i love my students , creating different salad combinations , and hiking .
no , more like captain planet . i'm even vegan because of her .
if you had a dog , what would you name it ?
well congrats . i'm proud of you . what do you do for fun ?
i love lbos game of thrones . have you seen it ?
i'm great , night owl over here . i'm introverted , do not go out much
i wish i can work from home
i do not know much about cows
nah i'd prefer to be the boss .
that is pretty interesting . did you have any help ?
i was born in june
yeah i fly for the military
how are you doing today
sad now i want kids just my man left me so i want to enjoy life
well , i just gone with piano
great up here with my 3 cats haha
i love dogs . do you ?
after my knee surgery i lived with my mom for awhile .
another distraction from my ged study book ! i like it ! ll yes !
i enjoy concerts but i don't go much
hello there . how are you ? what do you do for a living ?
i didn't watch the fight . i knew he was going to win .
no , it is just myself and my dog .
if mom didn't help i would probably ask one of my four sisters
i am a chef and i train dogs . . . not at the same time of course .
pretty good do you have family ?
hello , hello ! if you were an animal , what would you be ?
my boyfriend isn't working right now he's unemployed
i am also the oldest and shortest lol
hi matt here i wish i knew where i belonged
i am not sure really . i am unemployed
hello . busy , but good . you ?
cool ! i like to draw anime characters ! and i read french comics like asterix !
haha sure . i'm at my house . its a pig farm
my mother and i are both champion weightlifters
anything else you like to do ?
i know . do you have kids ? i do .
mine is black too . i also love long hikes .
i like pop rap and country
yeah , i'm done with school and already working .
ha , we can talk about you if you like . do you work , or have a hobby ?
will draw anything as long as its in my apartment studio
i live in los angeles .
i still do . it is fun , i love animals .
gap . . cats make my eyes water like the nile . its a good thing i'm a happy person
sure , it is a good job . i oversee all the stores in four states .
i'm a paramedic and nursing student , what do you do ?
i enjoy it , its nice to be around fresh baked food all day
oh , i live at home . i wish i lived in the dorm
no problem . so what do you do for fun ?
yeah i live with my parents now
i like to read and i stay busy at my job . you ?
i'm well . just watching my favorite tv show .
is there anyone living in them ?
yeah he mainly asked how my high school battle with cancer waa
i really like waffles too
i certainly do . i have 4 cats .
really ? has she been to an audiologist ?
i spent the day with my parents and some cousins today . how was your sunday ?
of course ! who is your favorite superhero ?
red is my favorite color what your color
do you have any kids ? i have 3 girls .
congratulations ! ! ! was there pizza at the wedding ? my favorite !
i hear ya on the hectic schedule . i have gone to mexico four times already this year .
sounds yummy ! i love cake but get it from a farmers market stand .
me too . of course , my real love is writing . but , to each their own .
oh sounds like fun . i'm just relaxing , my back hurts today .
do you have the newest iphone then ?
ok ! i go every week
good , having cod for lunch . you ?
hey i'm doing great . pizza sounds good i really like tuna fish salad
i was terrified of those movies ! how do you like them ?
hi ! !
oh , so i am guessing you are claustrophobic
hey that is very impressive . cool job
i do , but only when it is cold . i don't like hot weather
oh , i see . well i am in the exercise field yoga to be exact .
that is very odd to talk about
how is it strange to work there ?
i used to be a dude but got that changed up real nice !
listening to rock music . what about you ?
i love my brown hair . you are kidding with me
that is a good hobby . haha
oh , where are you coming from ? i am good .
leather just smells so good though ! do you skate or ski ?
yea they are from fl . i am in a band called broken city sky . check us out !
yeah , its pretty cool . my dogs barely recognize me !
no i am in boston . you ?
ha ha ! what do you do for fun ? i like hiking in the woods .
dang , low self esteem ? do you have many friends ?
i work at a comic book store
i'd love to have one
really ? where is your favorite ?
great , love the cooler weather it makes me feel energetic
i used to be adventist and learnt a lot with the ,
i know what you mean . last month i decided i was done with college .
awesome . i like a good run
i used to help people a lot i still do but disabled now .
it was its something i like
i'm sorry to hear that . sometimes it is good to be alone , read a book .
i like my dolls mostly . they're so special .
what tattoo would you get , if money was no object ?
i like linkin park . they're a great band .
i'm doing fine about to get ready to go to the gym
oh , i forgot that was on tonight
i live in both sides , coz i love soccer
hawaii sounds great . what is your favorite food ?
how are you doing today
i use my phone for music .
never been to that zoo but i love the san diego zoo .
it is i'm a giant nerd lol . do you sell nice sports cars
i'm fine , thanks for asking .
hello there , how are you ?
have you heard that zebras make great milk , too bad i'm kind of allergic to it .
pretty good , jammin out to some pretenders music ? you heard of them ?
that s why i love mashed potato that i make
i like dogs , but i'm really more of a cat person .
mine is led zeppelin . nothing like them .
i live in manhattan , very busy but i love it . you ?
kris kringle a christmas cookie , since my birthday is on christmas ! you ?
oh wow , that sounds nice . i used to go to the campus to sit and draw
i work at the museum maybe your daughter would like that too ?
all kinds , my job is at a veterinarian , and i own three dogs .
oh wow that s pretty interesting
cool ! where do you like to eat ?
just a few , brazil , france , mexico , and jamaica
twins was my favorite movie in the 80s , big fan of comedies myself
wow i heard boys are had to raise
i do like hip hop . i also like riding bikes , yourself ?
busy . just started a new job with google . working on self driving car statistics
that sounds fun ! do you like junk food ? i love gummy worms even the sour ones
i loved watching it with my favorite food ! mac and cheese !
i love to cook for my grandchildren
luckily i'm ok . i do have cousins in both states unfortunately . how bout you ?
the minnesota wolves drafted me last season , so i couldn't imagine being injured now .
just on the weekends . day hikes in the mountains . i adore it .
hey , i work as a nurse and still find plenty of time .
cool . i usually draw inspiration from classical music though .
i eat right because i play many sports . i'm like a machine .
what else do you like to do ? golf or tennis by chance , like me ?
my favorite part about halloween is the junk food !
i like blue too ! i do , it is good to stay in shape .
that's impressive . have you done schooling for it ?
yeah i remember working for a call center job and it was stressful at times
that's so cool i'm currently learning guitar
i'd rather you cook for me .
my father use to drive taxi cab for male models in 1970s
this morning i worked out in the garden planting some fall flowers
where do you recommend looking ?
that sounds good i'd like to see but have to wear my glasses to do so
do you like meat lovers pizza
you as well . talk to you soon .
have you ever wondered if you could change your eye color ?
yeah . i think red is relaxing . it is a great color . the best color .
sure , would you believe i aslo bake ?
have a good night
yes ! i will try to visit you soon .
that is great . what kind of book ?
i swear i am losing my freaking mind .
i am hoping to go for a hike after work and take some pictures
things are not exactly slow going on a family farm , believe me . what do you do for downtime ?
exactly ! i love to dance to my favorite country songs ! do you dance fred ?
what did you do to get that name ?
i don't have a family and i grew up in a home
regular get to gether with funds
maybe i am 6 foot and i wight 280
they have been around a long time and have a very interesting history .
would it stop you from skating or skiing ? my favorite pass times .
i am a morgue tech , you ?
i work at bakery where i bake cakes .
i am weird i like pineapple and ham on mine . pepperoni sometimes
hi how are you this evening ?
metallica is awesome too , so is tupac
really ? my husband loves riding the parks of nyc where we live
i'm great ! how are you ?
i would want to go get something to eat
i like to paddle and then swim in the lake .
oh okay . that is nice . i think my dogs are my best friends right now .
wow that is a cool name though
i use to be in the marines now i'm a bartender
work hard and i'm sure you'll be ! do you like ponies ?
studying is always important . i may also look for deals at goodwill today .
wow that is really great of you , how could i get into that ?
it is great you can use software to help losing your eyesight is a game changer
oh , where did you move to ?
does she nag you a lot ? my mom nags my da about not paying the mortgage
skydiving medal . is not that great
it certainly sounds that way
they have some of the best rock band videos .
what do you do with that ?
that is cool . do you like to read or listen to music
is bicycling a sport ? i love my hand pedal bike .
no i just like to be in wide open spaces . i should start farming .
oh . i am so sorry he died .
hey ! i am mainly free diving at the moment . how about you ?
my dream is to own my own stable and raise at least ten horses .
that is the only way to go . you male or female ?
whoa ! you seem like an all around woman . i work , eat then sleep .
my new girlfriend does too , who is your favorite team ?
wow ! i bet . since my mom has been staying with me , i do not watch tv much .
oh . your busy season is coming up . sorry for that .
hello there ! how are you tonight ?
if it were not for my 3 dogs i would love to have a sunflower patch
i do not like to drink as well
okay . so what do you do for a living ?
do you drink anything else besides beer ? such as smoothies ?
ice cream ! ice cream is good . what kind do you like ? i like vanilla !
what type of museum are you visiting today ?
do you have any pets ?
that is a great book . i watch more basketball than read however .
i like rock opera my favorite song is two steps from hell
i like to sew too in fact i sew bathing suits if you need any ?
what do you do ?
that's cool . i'm not much into sports . too old for them
i think so , i just hope the weather is nice . any weekend plans ?
i'm more of a classic radio kind of guy , have you heard of chickenman ? its hilarious !
ah yes madonna , the 2nd in line for the queenship
ny . wow what a distance between us ! weather there's awesome i heard !
what are you taking in fl
i've 3 kids i take care of them
that's totally right . so many chances are hard to deal with though . . .
why not . . how are you doing ? ?
sounds cool what language is it ?
i guess its tough to keep count at some point . lol
hi there , how are you ?
i just turned 30 the other day
i've a large group of friends . we are all pretty close .
i live in california , and you ?
colorado is where i'm from , where are you from ?
i love to cook for my grandchildren
hi , i live in houston tx ; its flooded right now , but makes me think of the ocean .
that would be wonderful , thank you
yep , pew pew , gg , not too fond of animals though .
thanks ! i eat ice cream every day . i like it a lot .
hi , i am a very social guy , got a bmw and plenty of friends
my family gets together every saturday cherish your family
i am well , you ? are you in school ?
yeah then role play as a character
i am tired but good . how are you ?
yeah i am 22
that'sn't boring . i would like the tame life sometimes .
oh , i like football , but what i do not like is broccoli .
i love it as much as i love walking dogs . where do you work ?
hi how are you today
not anymore i already finished school
i like to eat not exercise but i should
that must be stressful , i've to be alone sometimes because of my anxiety .
i do not have anyone living in my house , so i blare music .
was it any good ? my husband wo not watch it .
you want your man made pond to be like a natural pond ?
music ? my fav singer of forever is ke ha , like wow .
just office work , but it is a lot
hi ! how are you today ?
nice , listen to iron maiden while i walk my cats .
good . how about you ?
i love to swim and play sports
i'm a recently single art teacher . glamorous right ?
you mean like , harvest moon ? when it gets all orange , even red , in the fall ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i'm doing well ! tell me about yourself .
ah perfect ! how are you ? i just had a fun chat with erika
that is nice . i serve on my city council .
that makes sense . i travel for work but it is slow now .
oh yes i do . but my passion is teaching
ugh , you know what bothers me ? the bus ,
i do and i'm the youngest .
that sounds like fun , but i like to keep active rock climbing in my spare time .
actually i do and it is painting nails wall decor anything with
its hard when you are divorced with 2 kids
i think i'm bipolar but i also tell myself that its not possible .
my friend james rules the world in secret and feeds me pudding .
i could never get into it , the only thing i read is recipe books lol
do you live in a bad area ?
i am sorry to hear that . you should wear something sexy for him and bring him a rose
going okay , how about for you ?
hello . tell me about you . leather is my fave and i wear a lot .
do you work ? i do bookkeeping and tours .
i live in the american south . yourself ?
gorgeous ! a few weeks ago , not so much .
oh okay where are you going my good man ?
have you ever tried a gyro ? they're super tasty .
hi ! i am ok and yourself ?
hey i am albert everything is good !
that's not good . i hope the appointment goes well
cool ! i like the bay area . you live there now ?
sounds fun , do you have plans for the morning ?
i did ! i love laying in bed on a rainy day with the tv on !
just hanging out at home with my iguanas
now that my daughter graduated college i'd like us to travel .
i will eat that map because it tastes better than tacos
gas , gas and more gas not gasoline happens when i eat pudding .
what are you on break from
that is sweet ! any favorite shows ? mine is silicon valley .
where do you work ?
no , i wish ! i work for a real estate company . boring !
well it happened , so i guess i want to know about mars landings now .
doing great , getting ready to go see my mom .
sweet ! what song ?
i want to be married again . but my boyfriend ugh
i love bbq ! i'm a 300 pound man . bbq got me here !
yes ! i sing anything in the shower . especially about finding the cure !
that is awesome ! what movies did he direct ?
i read so much today
got to admit , have never tried that combo
that seems like a lot of work .
i eat a lot of vegetables and listen to the beatles . i miss my family .
i'm okay but i'll be better once i get another drink
i'm from kentucky myself , not much to do except ride horse and listen to music
he's off with the dept fighting fires , on our kids birthday night !
reading is my favorite hobby
i want to try drugs , but i don't know where to buy them , do you ?
i'm glad you save lives . i own a a music store in ca
that doesn't sound like fun .
wow ! do you have any hobbies ? i love to read
thursdays for me , what kind is your favorite ?
oh ok i love animal very much i've one dog
i'm excited to see the sunset tonight its so pretty
no no no just me
oh yeah they have real bad allergies
i feel like i've a pretty young soul .
i'm very passionate about sci fi space adventure novels .
wow impressive ! do you have a real job too ? i'm a grill cook by night .
no , i run everywhere . . . with my two dogs . all of us are redheads
have you seen the new dragon ball ?
what did your dad do ?
did you do the one last week ? my friend went . i went kayaking instead .
yes , that's a great perk ! what do you do for work ?
where are you from if you do not mind me asking
yeah but i love rpg games i do not think she will like me
what other hobbies do you have ?
i really really like love living in texas . tell me about yourself .
maybe raspberry iced tea then . my mommy likes it and i like her
walking dead is cool . . . i like mysteries
i think it has something to do with being 6 feet tall
smart enough that i want to play basketball in china !
sounds interesting . me , i just like to walk outside after dark . the darker the better . kinda scary .
what else do you enjoy ?
hello . great , i am listening to my favorite band vv nation .
sounds like a fun job ! do you get to do anything for fun ?
hi , how are you ?
that can be enjoyable . where are you from ?
step back 3 feet before the sun burns you into a crisp
they're young still , but they do ok . i am pretty much a typical suburban mama .
and now the fires , i hope you are out of harms way .
i watch tv all the time , and i am only 10
hi . i love to go fishing . what do you do ?
hello , it is raining cats and dogs here . how are you ?
it is nice and quiet , yes . it is a good place to work
no foal no harm then . i fix airplanes . what do you do
do you have any other hobbies ?
i am great just about to head out fishing one of my favorite pastimes
i am not a really big cooker . i am helpless in the kitchen .
yes we have a huge salad bar and all you can eat pizza
yeah were all going to the same college how about you
kevin hart lol ! nothing but collect guns
27 . she's 35 . i am sorry to hear that .
how are you doing today
i was born this way . my brother has it too .
hello how are you doing ?
which game are you asking about ?
what do you do for a living ?
i unwind by sleeping .
too bad the u . s . team didn't make it to the world cup
hi how are you doing ?
do those blind dates ever pan out ?
how old is your son ? i've a 9 year old son as well .
i try to go to the gym every day
yeah i hear ya . i hope that animal can find that cat a home .
good where do you work
me too . i should have done more than swim in college and had experiences like that
on the island that i live on there are many places to shop
i can understand that for sure .
yep , totally . what brings you on the chat tonight ?
that is really cool . what are their names ?
depends on how good that beer is ! !
that would be absolutely beautiful . a wonderful final message
yeah yeah . i like to take trips and travel . do you travel ?
i hope you like it . will you be able to surf there
how are you doing today ?
okay . and what age group is your target advice
want to be my friend ?
i am into lifting weights .
cool . do you like tv show ?
hi
from florida school is not important here
take care , and pray to the lord to help guide you down the right path .
aww why did not you play
how are you doing tonight
i've two dogs and one cat .
no but my close friend drives me where ever i need to go .
i love making boats in my spare time on weekends , what about you ?
same here , i'm into politics , trying to get out democrat to win the next house election .
you said you aren't very cool . maybe if you did not do that you would have more friends .
wow . impressive ! i do like to travel . i like to try different vegan cuisine .
yes . planning a wedding can be overwhelming .
that sounds really fun ! will your dog wear a hat ?
i'm leaving here so they need a home .
i do ! my mother will be taking care of them , .
yeah . can you name famous plummer ? theme song this is it . wanna guess ?
that is a good one . seen any good movies lately ?
i'm actually more into books
i'm in college and work part time .
not arrogance , my dear , it was my psychic abilities
i can understand how that would take its toll on someone
yes i named him after my twin sister jess , short for jessica
three times i've been married , that what you get .
well , that is a great one . i'm currently in college already . wish me luck
i'd like to think so , yeah
no i just have cats and i also pickle eggs as a hobby .
i just got a job making vegan cakes !
my favorite food is chicken ! its actually my dogs favorite food too ! his name is bob
hi . i'm good . do you like to golf ?
i'm a professional boxer who want to be a clown and make people laugh
no i'm single no kids
i like to drink cuba libres . where do you work ?
hey ! ! ! !
no i sneeze a lot
i hate bread that's why i do have vitamin c when i'm sick
i think we will be great friends
how old are they ? are they tech say ? i love apple products .
i love the color blue , any color blue and my car is blue
that's nice . all 3 of my ex wives enjoyed that
i work from home for a company
thank you so much i will
that sounds quite interesting tell me more .
cool do you eat meat
i don't care for him much , a few coworkers are in love with him at the office .
nah more into cars , i drive older card most ppl don't want
some family in germany but other spread out in china and as far as puerto rico .
i live in california with my mom and grandparents .
omg authentic mexican is the best !
i only follow the rules of the road .
full house here too . i have 6 brothers and sisters , we were all adopted
true ! all i do is sit on my computer for hours !
i have a prius , my wife drives a mustang .
i'm only 44 and already a grandpa
in the past i have played hockey .
hi how are you doing tonight ?
congrats ! i like to go surfing with my girlfriend
hello , i'm taking a quick break from incoming . how are you ?
thanks i'll look into it .
i could be better glad you are fine , my family does not see about me much
i like dogs what kind are they
no barbeque for you then . i could take you for a ride in my tahoe though .
i'm just going to stay home and read .
i'm 26 and she's 22 . only one i got but she can't cook .
i'm from chiton , where are you from ?
yep that's why i would never live on water
i listen to music most of the day
that sounds fun ! i might watch a scary movie . i love them .
i love in hawaii , its beautiful here !
not too much , hard boiled eggs are delicious
sounds like a tiger mom . wish i was an actual tiger
what s your favorite group or song ? i pretty much like everything . except rap
i like being outside a lot
i wish i could play . i am pretty clumsy , always got ink stains all over my shirts .
greenland is the cold one right ?
me too . that will make it easy when i go to study english in spain .
i've a lot of red clothing . it matches my wheelchair
my favorite artist is kid rock he's so hot
what is your fav food ?
i think so . i teach online so if you have a degree you can do it
hi how are you doing
indian motorcycles ? you should look them up they're better harleys
yes for sure . i hate having to read the subtitles lol
yeah it can be a lot of fun , i also participate in marathons
do you do any reading ?
i read new books too now that i just started college .
no i do not follow baseball
take some anti gas medicine for it ? i design clothes . i will design you some gas proof pants .
you should take a vacation out here
i'm a bit of a collectors . i've a ton of dragon ball z figures . you ?
como esta how are you
yes , computers will act just like children if you let them .
accounting , i love the color purple it makes me so happy
hello how are you doing today , my name is alex
at a nasa conference about moon landing . spoiler totally faked ! ! !
i'm okay . my cat is being annoying right now . keeps walking in front of me . . .
me , i can read anywhere . i love to read , its my moms fault .
hello there , friend ! what are you up to this very fine day ?
nice to meet you bill . where are you from ?
how interesting . i don't do anything but act . i'd love to be creative .
oh that is nice fr you
no , i'm not . do you like garfield ?
hi nothing much crazy a fluffy , pretty lady . . sandy
mine wouldn't let us do anything with stock , except face cigarettes .
oh no . why ? i play the bass , the rich tones really help me when i'm sad .
not fun . i wrote a novel whose main caracter was a dentist .
how old is your grandson ?
i like to cook healthy though
oh okay . i will hurry . i work for a non profit organization that helps children in need
me too ! my wife just god laid off unfortunately
hi how are you
here in the north , there are not too many things to do . i like rc cars racing .
probably rock and blues
great , thanks , do not tell anyone , i may become queen of england next .
i majored in finance to follow in my dads footsteps
great ! can female bosses function in construction ?
even as a professional they do not make enough money to live off
i do 1 and he is a toddler
that sounds really fun ! i like superman .
i'm in america . i compete in the olympics
i'm a biology major and i have 4 classes and 2 four hour labs
hey there !
i'm no good at taking pictures . cut off lots of heads !
i will go . . i'm the youngest sibling of five
things will get better for you .
tell me about it . it seems to follow me .
i'm way too shy to sing like that ! my neighbor may hear !
i have never been able to wrap my head around philosophy .
what do you do for fun
can i tell you something personal ?
public is where i work , like relationships
hey there good afternoon how are you ?
sorry , whats wrong , is it work ?
i've a passion for travel . do you travel much ?
since i was born ! love it . moved to ny to learn more .
i usually prefer hazelnut , but it depends on my mood .
well i've been an athlete for years , you'll find someone
hi , i love cats and have one named leela
nothing much now . i currently awaken my youth by watching my favorite band ween
yes . i am cooking them now while reading the paper .
i eat pretty much everything and you
good . just watching game of thrones .
mostly afghans now , i've started knitting and make sweaters now
lol i wasn't sure sorry
just cutting up sticks ! clearly boat life has limited me or something
only 6 months to live and i am not good at expressions
oh . i've another car . the hearse is just for the halloween tours through town .
i am good , aside from the fact that my computer is so slow .
i want to get a horse . i love to go horseback riding
you two can still cuddle while they are awake , unless cuddling turns into something else
at first not so much because i missed the action . but now , its ok
i and fine just watching superhero shows
yeah , its def not boring . any plans for the weekend ?
wow are those messy creatures ?
i live with my brother . he loves those type of movies too
i make hot dogs for a living . my dad taught me
very good . i am having a nice day . what did you do today ?
hello there ! my name is sarah , an aspiring actress . and you ?
just looking at some quail in my back yard . so cute .
i love animals so i do not eat them either .
mmmm chocolate cake with lots of extra frosting . . . oh , sorry , got distracted .
never heard of it i can guess is it about 3 dogs
yes , i make lots of friends this i enjoy
i do . i named him blue after my favorite color . what about yours ?
must be a busy task , do you find time for yourself ?
yes and go stroll through the park . i like going there .
chicken nuggets i like those
oh ok ! make sense to me !
i'd rather spend my money on going to concerts where i dance hard !
i have two kids , the 14 year old is thinking about becoming vegan
that is cool , do you like the beach ?
i'm taking three online classes at night . what do you do ?
sure is , i wonder why
does it involve meat ? i love it !
sounds like fun . i would like to do some photography on famous courses one day
i m looking to move to savannah , as soon as we open our other restaurant .
yeah i tend to take in strays . do you like to read ?
tomorrow my birthday i be 33 . thinking about ordering pizza .
wow . that will definitely take a while . how do you find the time ?
i don't ike beer much at all
. . . oh god .
hopefully the one i meet loves to read too and won't take me for pizza , so gross
how is your life after retirement
that is good . i think relationship isn't good for health and career . wht do you think ?
that sounds dangerous you should get that fixed so you don't get sued
sorry to hear that . seeing patients saliva grosses me out and i hate it .
i like to bake and my favorite is making brownies
must be fascinating ! i do crafts those are fun . and also enjoy drawing .
it was . it was so warm though that it melted my cheese i was eating
hey , what are you up to today
i'm well . yeah i love sci fi
what do you keep yourself on ?
on my trip to italy
i like poetry i think i think it helps with my songs
wow very resourceful , i cannot sew and have a rubbish imagination
it really is . what else is going on with you ?
sorry i do not get that . lol .
very nice ! i drive around in my hearse
hey there , what is your occupation ?
yes ! i usually buy them to make them into really nice new items .
hi . hope you are well this evening .
what do you do for work ?
i like all colors . they remind me of summer .
yes it is , can be outdoor , my wife might teach you someday ! she's a professor .
my favorite are leather . i just love the smell .
that is cool you must be able to get nice clothes
i'm a fiction reader
okay , and , btw , i do not enjoy jazz
me too . much better for my favorite cheese .
good because traditional drawing i love . i want to be an animator .
it is scandalous it is good comes on t . v .
yeah its so adorable do people trick or treat at your house
that's great . i bet you have an amazing job .
hello , meat eater , country music , football , hunting and own a huge truck . you ?
i love mexican food most .
no i just like to snack
what are you competitive in ? games ? sports ?
great well lets set a date so we can hang out
yeah you need to relax friend
i work at the ymca and i'm a member too .
that's gross i prefer japanese food , and anime .
i could not figure it out . math is just to hard .
maybe in the future ? i do not have kids yet , either .
hi how are you today ?
get out ! me too ! doug and i've a relationship . you have children ?
wow another charlie fan . twins ? that s a health condition
nice do you play often ?
great i'm tom and i enjoy italian food the most .
i'm sorry . is he allergic to shellfish too ?
yeah i was just reading and eating some chicken
how lovely . i'm a redhead , where should i go that's tropical ?
where do you work and what kind of music do you like ?
very awesome . my husband and i want to travel after he retires next year .
ll , not more savage than ufc fights that i watch . my son loves the blood !
i m good . i m a bartender
i like my hair that's pink
i like burritos too it fits into my keto diet
eating right will help you with soccer . it helped me lose 65 pounds easily .
do you travel far ? seen anything interesting ?
hello , how are you doing today ?
well , that's cool . i love video games . what do you like to do ?
they were getting a divorce , she cheated on him .
it is a very hard thing to believe . thank you for being kind .
my grandson had eczema when he was little no fun
haha , that's impressive enough ! hm . . . my pitch is perfect
i understand . it is difficult all around .
i went there a few years ago
i thought i lost you . i sing and have two animals . you have any pets ?
i'm sorry . what is the matter do you think ?
i can come over and feed you
i meant anything rare , yeah i was on the news for catching the biggest fish in florida
i hope so . really , any reality tv show will do .
sounds like fun ! my twins would think i was cool lol .
that is good exercise ! good for you .
hey there ! what do you do for a living ?
that is not the best trait to have .
i think work is important but i need a break from mine
i do that as well , not while i am hiking up volcanoes though .
material things are pointless . helping others is what determines the worth of a person
sup what is your name ? mines is gerald
hi , nice to meet you , what are you up to ?
i'd love to be in one but cant find the right person
nice . when i finish at unc maybe i will get one of those .
it is and i study law so i know
have you ever met your dad ?
yes , we all work at my oldest sisters cafe .
hi there ! i am actually super tired . . . i never get enough sleep haha
how long have you been married
i love animals ! i have a dog named allie , and i adore her .
i'd love to go to japan . that's where my best friend lives
no but i make great iced tea
i don't , i am an er nurse . i work three days a week .
i hope you get a great education
i am jealous ! what else are you into ?
i am doing ok , how about you ?
top of the morning to you !
i honestly find short and curvy to be attractive .
my evening is good just spending time with my cats
i've a small family , but they are so important to me .
nice i wanna open a restaurant hot rod harrys named after my uncle
thanks . i can draw the forest too .
your family sounds like mine .
whoa easy . i never said never . its just . . that i am a grown woman
i quilt quite a bit and relax to classical music after work ! you ?
hi ! what did you have for dinner ? i had my favorite , burgers
cool . chocolate is his favorite .
i am good and you
you should go to aa . .
oh wow , that sounds interesting . are you really famous ?
yes , they are great . what else do you like to do ?
i miss playing tennis ! i miss eating bread too . i just found out i'm gluten free .
you make video games ? that sounds like a fun job .
that's great . car needs love too . i work as a graphic designer .
i'm a vanilla kinda kid
yes it is like an electric blue
i'm great ! nice to meet you .
yes i do like three books full . i'm also taking flight classes
i've my husband . we married out of high school . do you have a travel companion ?
you are talking to the second year quarterback for the philadelphia eagles
marketing
i'm . do you like music ?
i don't have any other hobbies other than gaming but i do like to sing
oh i will tell ! my only secret is that i like dragons and imaging them .
i like to travel and see the purple flower fields
hi how are you today
do you read fiction or nonfiction ? i like to cook
wow , i hate to hear about bread being destroyed in an oven
i'm good . tired from a long day of hiking .
what are your videos about ? ever make a spooky halloween video ?
he represented our united states army all through his life .
what did you grow on the farm
that would be really fun to do
its the lifestyle of being a programmer . always busy
hello , how are you ? i am well now that i am not a slave .
do you have any kids ?
haha he only blesses you with what he can handle
i work in a dr office is so much going on there
i heard of them . do you work ?
i have to cook for them all but i enjoy it
i like really old cars .
that's funny . what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .
i am more into simple jokes
i love cooking big italian meals after church on sunday .
haha , yes , i know it is a bit of an aquired taste i guess .
well that kind of hurts my feelings . i really want to meet you
yea , how old are you ?
just making a packing list . i go to college in a few months .
what kind of music do you like ? where are you from
oh , well that still might be useful . i really like putting on makeup for costumes .
greece has wonderful museums , my two boys loved them when we went .
not all crowded into your bmw i hope . lol
no , i kind of suck at life .
did you go to college ? i was on the swim team
why would i eat the old testament ? that is kinky
really i need to go shopping i only have 1 pair left of shoes
my major is business . i'm a major business
that does sound nice i breed cats
oh yes , i agree ! just kind of hot , i live in the desert .
i don't mind it gives me time to surf during the day .
hey there , hows it going
just now my mom and dad relocated to florida
do you live near pittsburgh ? i live near boston
alpacas ! i've 10 of them !
i'm so funny i cannot spell . do you and your kids have pets ?
i'm sure it won't be that bad . i wish my mom would share her shoes
oh i see haha do you like sports
i'm looking to purchase a corvette when i retire
i love me some sushi
yes ! i rode my bike to the last one that was in town .
i like to hike which is why my vacation home is ideal .
i see . i am really into hip hop myself . both personally and professionally .
i love watching game of thrones . i am excited to see who will be on the iron throne
great ! i have custody of my sons . you married ?
hey , i am kate . who is there ?
i love carribean food . whats your major ?
oh cool , what class are you taking ?
i am doing well . why are you frustrated ?
i am well . just finished getting my children to bed .
are there musicals about horses ?
yeah . i like it here . night time is so tiring . i wish it was morning .
it is ok . i see a therapist about it three times a week .
maybe i know you since i sell pharmaceuticals .
mine is too . i hate it though . just do not have time to get it cut .
what part of tx ? not houston .
nice i bet you feet taste super nice , i like a well cared for foot .
congratulations , what is his name , your new addition
sounds very relaxing . i have school after this .
cool , what kind of animals do you train ?
that sounds cute ! so what else do you do for fun ?
so where do you work exactly ?
i do not know . . . hey do you like one direction ? there my favorite ! ! !
hello . india is way too hot . i am not a fan lol
absolutely . i've a quiz tomorrow for my biology degree .
do you have any hobbies ? i enjoy video games .
hey , how are ya ? what is your job title ? i design some cool video games .
yes i do , do you like your job ?
i play music for amusement while babysitting for the woman who lives next door
i like to make a nice home cooked dinner after i go running .
i always daydream about my future during work
luckily we have no children involved
ca not say that i do . i do travel alot but i've never been to japan .
lion fur is rough . and it stinks . you do not sew much do you ?
yeah , my manager michael is a great person . what else do you do ?
that's nice to do !
that does make things a bit tricky
is it mexican ? i love mexican food .
that's no fun . new things are exciting
oh ok . boring . i've a brother and sister
cool ! i love staring at clouds . flying must be even better !
hello there , hows your day yo
i'm doing good . . . . how are you ?
i've several in my animal book collection
thank you ! i'm always on my phone though
that is funny and probably true ! i don't have children
that pizza sounds real good . i hate sweet potatoes .
hi there , i'm daniel and doing great , i'm eating fish which i love to do
i made that last night so i need to make something different
i live near a goodwill my husband likes to shop there
i live in a rural area so i've to drive 1 hours to get to work
tried going up the cn tower . got scared . too high up .
i like them but not together obviously
never even heard of it , sorry ! !
doing good just got done doing a barbecue on the grill
ll you will . i wear the color red all the time
i love reading and listening to country music
she mostly took notes from his meetings .
i know but i'm addicted to video games
i only have one , he's older than i . i work in his bookstore .
i agree . i like having a picnic and looking at the cloud shapes .
do you listen to music ?
that's awesome , i write poetry too .
hello , rob . nice to meet you . i'm mia and love to go to church .
oh mercedes , i'd rather take a walk on the beach alone while being single
my car is so old
we had a blood moon . and i was born outside under it .
i'm on job and i cant retire cause i'm only 20 . hows retirement ?
that sounds perfect for you ! say , what colour eyes do you have ? mine are blue .
sweet , friends ! that's why i like mystery books so much , they're like cases .
hi there ! how are you ?
i drink so much of it that i need a way to relax , running is the key .
i have 2 sisters what about you ?
have you checking out amazons interesting finds ? good stuff .
hi todd i'm 20 years old
right on ! i'm also gnawing on a lot of chocolate chip cookies . tastiest food around .
my toddler love her too . everyone should .
yea that's all we do , vegan loves plants including smoking them
cool we gotta party hard !
you should try to exercise . it helps give you clarity .
crazy , my wife is vera . were you wondering what had become of her ?
ok then we have to eat first though , i love to eat ! !
i recently gone to new york not so long ago during the summer .
hi ! i'm tom and i live in china . how are you ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
nice car you know , you should check out internships that's how i got my job
probably hating gym class the most
i'm the pharmacist , yes . not the gm though . he makes the call for working during hurricanes
i enjoy the outdoors , too . hiking is one of my favorite things to do .
hi ! i'm great ! just finished making a huge birthday cake !
i think everyone does that . what do you eat ?
great , just thinking about my favorite show game of thrones , you ?
i really try my best at this job to make all my clients happy
yes and i alos play the cello
most of our family has been in the navy . thank you ! !
it is fine for now i appreciate it
the storms were down there
nice , i love punk ! music is life
that's cool . you are all athletic !
nice , have a good day !
you are never alone , and the law firm i work for knows it . we fight for you .
i enjoy bbq hamburgers the most .
no way ! dogs are alot of work , i would rather write all day
i've 2 grandkids that are cashiers and 2 in high school .
oh ok so i guess the rules of college vs pro is pretty much the same
that's a good show , . i've not watched since a main character died .
hi , just made some awesome burgers .
the parts cost the most . well she's ready to go was nice talking to you
hi , how are you doing today ?
seattle is beautiful , do you like baseball ?
my thing is i've a cup of chai tea every night it helps me rest .
yes . so much that i tend a bar on the weekends . i'm an alcoholic .
i've four dogs . beagles
well that's part of working
mine took me a while as well . what do you drive ?
does your place serve meatloaf ? i love the stuff ! !
i'm good and you today ?
i used to years ago .
that's cute ! how old are they ?
are you good at holding conversations ?
well , we have bought the house she grew up in , and she stays home with the kids .
did she leave it to you or something
i love living here . there's so much to do .
yes ! that sounds great . i want to go to australia
just close your eyes and talk to yourself . that is basically it .
hi ! how was your weekend ?
actually from osaka . i have only been once but it is beautiful ! have you traveled ?
i watch films like that .
i am scared and i can't sleep
is chicken and rice your favorite food ? mine is jello .
good . getting my 2 kids to bed . i have a messy house to clean . hate it .
you like ihop ? i like to fish in my spare time
hi , i work for an agency . a marketing agency . i hate alchohol .
i live in florida now
cool . my favorite band in the rolling stones . how about you ?
i am a mother of two do you have any kids ?
i like computer games too .
hi , how are you today ?
cool do you remember your number ? mine is 42
what type of gathering ? we have family game night tonight !
i trust only you . my vera is nice . why is yours dead ?
that sounds fun ! do you like to read ? my favorite is david copperfield .
well , that's acting in a sense .
you are welcome it rained here all day
i'm gonna grab a diet coke . you want one , its what i drink .
i like to run a couple days a week . what about you ?
i don't wanna go to work tonight . so tired of making coffee .
that's nice , what kind of music do you like ?
no , i live near a road . so sadly cannot have any .
how about you ?
its alright . i usually eat tuna fish , but decided to change things up a bit .
that's cool i'm not into art
i love dogs , i have two of them .
i like to play quake .
what brand of device are you using
i have plenty of tattoos .
if you used magic in a race , that would be cheating !
i love cheesy hot dogs , what do you like to eat
you just have some bad luck , don't you ?
just throw it all in together !
oh no ! but how can you be sure ? ! i'm under a bridge on 59th street .
not at all . do you ? do you have any pets ?
i'm a big fan of international food . i want to travel the world .
try getting a better sleep , by not sleeping under the stars .
running on the beach is pretty awesome too though
i'm new to america i'm from italy hence i love ribs
lots of cats ! my parents passed away . brother took care of me .
do you watch movies and tv shows on the computer ?
mostly tend to the farm . i've bad allergies so not much outside .
small . i'm an only child , and i don't have kids yet . what about you ?
that sounds pretty . do you like the chili peppers ?
i agree ! and thanks very much . i hope it works out .
sure you can what is the secret ?
what is your political orientation ?
i'm in alabama , i work from home designing video games .
i really like basketball . what about you ?
i'm a full time mother . my husband brings home the bacon
same . what do you like to do for fun ?
what about a favorite season ?
i love animals . they are the best
oh wait , they changed the sign ! we are working as hard as we can on your case .
that is crazy how did you get into that
hummum . tell me more about your self .
do you knit red sweaters and does he wear a red collar ?
very nice . where do you work ?
nah i got terrible credit . sorry
hi how are you today
painting that is always fun . i've to say its better then acting !
i do what i need to get things . for fun i drive fast cars . you ?
hello troy . are you an airlines pilot ?
i am addicted to beer and he gives me like a bee
then . . you need whiskey and a big steak !
you should tell him how great it is to be red instead of dead
hello ! how are you ? i am sitting here with a towel on my head dyed my hair
me too ! well then again . . . we will find out together .
are not they ? ! what do you enjoy doing ?
for a math test i am a biology major at johns hopkins
how old fashioned . lol . so , how did you get into programming ?
hello . my dog is sirius , he is my best pal .
my life long goal is to be the worlds best encyclopedia seller .
well i despise tofu and have never found any friends in it try tofu , for security .
good morning new friend how is your day so far ?
i've been taking care of my family . how about you ?
yep it stinks the most i do not know what end i'd want to be
going to the lake is my favorite thing ! do you listen to music there ?
i'm quite certain . thanks tho .
nah , they are letting my girlfriend and i save money while in college
cooking is one of my biggest hobbies . how about you ?
a lineman . . . that is ferocious !
i like star trek , but mostly i play soccer .
hi i'm sandy , my age is 25 and i work in the military
ah , what do you do for fun ?
my family from italy but i live in america . how about you ?
california , i want to be a film director one day .
i've a large boot collection , but i only wear one pair .
i hope it is healthy , i try to stick to a healthy diet
my cat would not like that
yap . . its my favorite . . my tongue can handle it
just sitting here reading up on some info about obesity . i'm overweight . you ?
the beach sounds beautiful , but i'm more of a woods person myself .
only you , master . only you . the knives are now secured .
what are you doing today ?
hi there , how are you ?
it is wrong . parents need to be there for their kids .
me and my parents and brother moved here !
i'd love to mentor a youth hockey so yes that sounds fun
i'd love to start my own business , you in ?
going to michigan next year in august .
i'll ask my instructor for you . what would you study in school ?
what do you look like ?
i watch alot of news
lol wow , where was this at
i am not into classical much , i love imagine dragons .
interesting , i am working at a grocery store but i am really an actress
reading a lot of books is my passion .
eagle , pink floyd , heart . mom loved heart . man i miss them .
i am good but i miss baseball already . i like watching it .
that is cool i guess .
i have never seen that . supernatural and arrow are big with my girls .
indeed . i bet there are cheetahs at zoos there that i could chase
i am good but my shoulders hurt . what about you ?
to be a doctor , but not just any doctor , an insect doctor !
maybe . are you looking for a wife ?
if i'm ever on a jog i'll make sure to go there .
love cherries . my dogs do too . they're boxers .
i'm good ! thanks for asking !
yes ! boys are easier in my opinion .
yes , i was born in america but hope to visit italy soon . do you travel ?
that nice i in the middle of moving
cool . what instruments do you play ?
hi , hey , hello , hey ! off school for today ! how are you ?
only if you don't mind how much time i spend on hair and make up .
like nba pro ? i don't watch much but that's bad a !
that's good i have a small business but i don't make much
don't you hate that ? especially when you are eating .
yes . i have two dancers tattooed on my ankle .
it is blue . what is your start company about ?
haha just hanging out shopping sounds fun
i hate riding the bus to work but i never learned to drive
ll takes me 4 mountain dews a day to get my quota of caffeine .
is it because the extra toe doesn't fit inside your shoes ?
work at a coffee shop with my one close friend . and yourself ?
what kind of music do you like ?
i am great how are you ? what are you up to ?
oh really how was that encounter ?
yes i drive a black mustang gt . pretty fast . how about you ?
how are you doing today ?
no , i love a challenge . i want to eat it all .
no i don't , do you ?
i love almost every singer
sounds great . i live in texas but i am moving to washington soon .
yes i hate my life
sweet life . beats being in this desert , although i gotta admit i love my long deployments
i am just enjoying my free time left here to play my guitar before i go .
yes i am married . i have been for 6 years . i love being married .
i am smarter than she is
i didn't . my husband is in vegas playing in a softball tourney .
great names . i work pt at a bar , so whiskey is acceptable .
i work for centuries essentials
that is great . . cant believe you know it !
if i had a real dragon , i would totally train it . would you ?
i think it will . me hopeless romantic .
i do 4 dogs 2 cats
hi there greg . do you have pets ? i've 2 cats named milo and fio .
that's good , so they do not stay underneath it when you are about to drive .
like what , give an example
i play bingo with my husband
i went shopping earlier . what are you reading ?
i like to play basketball , i'm not great but i play
i bet that keeps you fit . i wish i wasn't obese .
sadly i'm on call with my uncle in the hospital so i never let mine die
makes more sense , i dream to get my 11th tattoo . i've 10 .
hi ! how are you today ?
no they do not . they're real animals
i understand . sometimes when i'm writing i never get it right .
there's other ways to serve by helping someone less fortunate than you
anyway , maybe you'll have a real band someday !
awesome ! i'd rather go out and sing karaoke than stay in .
huh ? i see . i made a unicorn cry . you dance ? i do .
no , they reside in australia on their own cattle station .
i like to do ink artwork of dragons , but i keep getting it on my shirts .
i also have dogs , chihuahuas , but they're small and can go anywhere
i'm good ! how are you today ?
that's annoying . i don't have a spouse
wow . i sell paper . might i show you my samples ?
i know right , should be cool by now
sorry to hear . its not ringing here .
eh , i never ran for governor because i really do like long deployments .
ll ! do you like reading ?
i cannot even get help from him because i live alone in this cabin
that seems cool . any other hobbies ?
that's amazing , a mountain climber . i , myself , have been married five times . have you won any competitions ?
well the room is very hot while performing difficult moves
es a handsome man . back in my day he was just a science man
it is about these guys that make outrageous fish tanks
yes a collie named river .
nice ! i think i work on social media .
definitely something i'd love to do one day .
my dad taught me to respect the military
hi how are you doing
i like old 386 video games more , but i used to read michener .
it would be for my mom ! what are you up to ?
oh , too bad . i drive a blue van . it is big !
lol are they pro models ? we visit in the mountains how cool
i do . are you an outdoor type or a couch louse ?
i am so bored with my life . i want to learn another language .
what kind of work are you looking for ?
cool i had no job offers so i just started my own
no , i am a legal assistant with a law firm
sounds lonely and quiet and peaceful ! do you work ?
i do not travel much . i am a substitute teacher . where have you been lately ?
yeah it is a collection of sound
hi how are you today
horrible i bet ! lol i try eating a balanced diet but that is to far for me
yeah it is exciting week , and i have support from my family
spectacular . do you want me to cut your hair ?
i love riding coasters ! but i have not had much time lately .
starbucks ! i love the atmosphere and they treat employees great
no . i am rich , i do not need to be fluent . you are kinda boring .
i am a younger male doctor . thank you for your service . ride parleys ?
i have not read twilight yet but really want to . used to read black stallion .
i can , but that sprite caused me to boat
great ! i just had a nice steak . how about you ?
no i am not working at this moment , taking time to explore my options . you ?
i named my dog billie holliday
ok doc . i wear tiny rain coats while collecting toys . what is wrong with me ? ?
i work with seniors with the basics . what about you ?
the theme of the party is superman cuz he is my favorite superhero . u don't know your parents ?
cool have you ever ridden a unicycle
what is your favorite food ? mine is shrimp and lobster with pasta
ever had shrimp and bbq sauce ? its great .
really ? you make the clothes ?
how about we switch with the pets ?
hi ! its nice to meet you !
no i am not . but i bet i could get a hottie with all this money
great , i will have your red sweater ready for you
a journalist then ? hope it pays better than mine . had to get a cheap car .
that is nice . perhaps we could go together
who is merna ? that is inappropriate . i don't . but i cook . i dislike carrots
hi how are you today
hope you get them fixed soon . are they expensive ?
a group of us parents are going to an opera tonight .
i couldn't do that would not want to hurt them if it came down to it
yes very much i love sports
you will one day . no worries .
hey by ! did you see that hockey game ? out of control !
oh ok i got that wrong
where do you cruise to ?
in lower manhattan . they are at a new bar
do you speak french also i do
that's right . that's a great attitude to have .
yes . i finished all my chores today on my farm .
i always daydream about my future during work
i'm sorry , i'm not familiar with her . i enjoy reading
what else are you having ?
funny . i teach and bake . john and wayne are my cats .
have you ever been to chicago ?
i enjoy surfing on social media during my spare time .
not a lot , it has been a long day . how about you ?
a little . stay busy with school , volunteering , and water skiing
do they work very good ?
nice ! i personally hate eating out because people in general make me nervous .
well then i break it in jesus mighty name ! amen ! what do you do for a living ?
oh i see ! wow , i've heard wonderful things . do not get much truck routes that way
your poor wife ! well i like to draw ! i do not have many friends .
you are welcome ! i'm freelancing still . i love nurses . you can help husband
i've a beard so i dress up as a pirate
napping while watching basketball is what we must do , now !
not a problem ! that is why i live by spellcheck
yeah they do . where do you work
i'm so sorry . that must be awful .
i always go to expensive ones too because my parents pay my house rent
oh , do you help with the milking ?
that sounds good ! i need to pack . i'm traveling for the next two months .
i'm employed . do you do anything ?
oh i've a cb radio in my apartment
i love grape juice , it is awesome !
i had a purple swimsuit , but my 3 dogs chewed it up .
i know i love to drive and surf
it is . my mom was a nurse though so she got me in the industry
so am i but unfortunately i'm stuck working at churchill museum ha .
i love being active and being outside . i hiked the appalachian trail last summer .
we have a mountain range out here called madera and i go there mostly .
i do enjoy shopping . what is your favorite animal ?
hi how are you today
nice . personally i would rather be out in nature biking when i'm not cooking .
i used to be a big fan of superman when i was little
i like the beastie boys too !
well , have not gone anywhere recently , as i'm pregnant . first kid , too !
wow that sounds like a good job . my mom works for the grocery store . dad is dead .
oh ok . . . i love shark week !
eh , don't feel bad . i'm just a 32 year old virgin who lives with his mother .
have you seen the new it movie yet ?
can you make a lot of money doing that
i really enjoy jazz some people don't , and bike riding that is pretty much all i do
i'm a brunette but my parents are asian
where are your vacation homes ?
i imagine haha . what do you like to do in your spare time ? i read crime dramas .
y yeah i just bought one too
far more than that . twenty three , actually .
no its a museum in orlando , fl its new . there's a grand opening soon .
i am divorced .
friends are a good thing to care about . you should give them jello !
2 dogs they're so sweat you ?
i get it . been there . now , i am living it up with my six figure paycheck .
i make maps for work what do you do for work
so i try to watch sunsets to calm me every morning .
anything else you'd like to share ?
i don't aside from the drinks
stand up comedy . i have also had a few roles in tv series
yes ! i have four . they're my sweeties .
they really are . they're so intuitive and loving . totally misunderstood
great . that's very good work to do for others .
oh wow . i am not that crafty . i did paint my car pink by myself though .
well i gained wait when i quit smoking . . . and now i am doing sewing to quit eating
hi there , i am a mechanic !
love my place in the mountains , don't trivial anymore
hello ! this is weird . . . . . . i am pretty shy .
interesting life . i am a meeting coordinator for now
what shall we have to eat ?
my day is not going too great .
sorry to hear that . hope it is better now .
usa do you have kids ?
do any of them wrestle ?
i'm currently on a cycling ride but i stopped top have a read of my book
i just got back from disney last week !
hi angel , do you like breakfast ?
not to good . my husband just left me
pink car ! love ! a little lucky , never got to meet any of my siblings .
i love snakes ! i have one of my own . do you have a favorite food ?
hello , i'm well . i was just thinking about jazz . do you listen to it ?
that's a good job . i own my own marketing agency .
that's fun . i'm a blogger . what did you say you write about ?
i don't know where that's
no i just make boats on the weekend . what else do you do ?
oh my god ! that's horrible .
so do i , i usually grill them when i'm home using my george foreman grill .
what do you take pictures of ?
oh me too . me and my sisters loved to go down and play in the waves
just about anything i can find i'm always eating
if only i had the money and friends . sadly i don't have either .
that is nice ! i'm reading some
what do you do for a living ?
wow that is interesting how did they meet
everything ! when you live in manhattan you have your choice of food !
hi sara my name is deon
i'll read what i can about it , thank you so much for all the advice !
cool , i always wanted to go see a game in person , but crowds scare me .
yes faster then those horses
i take my daughter to the park every day
hey there ! going well , thank you . how are you ?
my wife and i hope to have one more , a girl
i love my band i've played in the same one for 17 years
that is really great to have a hobby you enjoy . i prefer more solo activities .
no , i like peace and quiet .
what city are you from ?
it is the best medicine ! that is why cartoons are better than movies
i enjoy reading . i just finished the hunger games . you ?
i'm from all over . i've swim trophies from lots of different schools .
thank you . laziness is okay sometimes lol .
haha ! that is cool ! just one problem . i'm in a wheel chair .
i was about to say i'm fanatical about singing . what do you sing ?
whats your name ? i'm nancy
i'll definitely next trip . you play sports or have any other hobbies ?
i do computer programming and stuff
a calico cat named majora . she hates it when i sing in the shower .
i know i love it , though sometimes it hurts my stomach
yes but don't know much about them
what kind of dog do you have ?
no my parents went to alice springs , australia to study spider venom
well i've a dog so not technically alone
none of those shoot em up games , puzzles and learning are good .
i'm doing great ! how are you ?
from tv commercials ? i'm in a weekly telenovela , an actor , first movie at 18
that's good to have a hobby
that's great ! glad he had fun !
no . . . its hard to find jobs when you can't spell very good .
i also like the gifted . good show .
hey there good morning how are you ?
i only take walks around the garden to stay away from him
that sounds awesome ! thank you !
what did you read then
reddit has an anime forum ? our class is going to japan . . .
hi how are you doing today
sounds like you need a new job .
maybe just a little , lol . try looking nightlock up
swimming is cool . i collect rocks and create macaroni art .
i see . that just might be the problem , but who knows .
telling you cause this new tv i bought oh my and no
good thank you for asking .
lots of places . i like calm beaches and things . i do yoga there .
i like to build computers on the side too .
no , but i have always wanted to paint at the beach even though i have never been
they're quite nice , my husband buys them for me .
i have a parrot , whos name is parrot . my only significant other .
hey , what are you up to ?
hello . i'm doing fine . and you ?
i don't have a lot of money for restaurants , but i don't have a tv .
yes . vanilla , caramel , hazelnut , dark chocolate and cinnamon
i need someone like you in my life . i think too much
i do . i'm very tech savvy how about yourself ?
i should try to get out more
well hang in there .
i love hockey but my best friend transfer
i am not working now , but would like to be a pianist
lactose intolerant ? that sounds awful ! i couldn't do it .
same , so they could do my job for me , i am a waitress . what do you ?
no . i just watch tv . the godfather , mostly .
hey there hows it going
i like board games . video games are confusing to me
i am so going to be a roadie ! i need to be at every concert
i am not a fan of steak but i do collect teapots . do you like cats ?
what are some things you are interested in or hobbies ?
hello , what is your favorite car ?
any particular books you like ?
we go to field trips at museums . try to stay away from those .
hi . my parrot loves crackers and i named her parrot .
hey there ! hows life for you ?
what do you study in school ?
i used to fish with my dad who is a cop until he was unfortunately killed .
its so interesting . the way computers work . i hope to own a repair shop .
i prefer pumpkins to politics
good evening , how are you ?
no shirt , no shoes , no problem .
that sounds nice . i enjoy a drink or two with friends on occasion .
whats your name ? i'm nancy
and for free entertainment ! brokelife
i'm good , aside from the fact that my computer is so slow .
i'm eating some spaghetti right now .
doing well , how about you ?
i play the drums ! what kind of music do you play ?
does he not like red heads with curly hair ?
what is your hobby ? what do you like ?
good me to that means your strong .
that can happen , i guess . i would not like giving up tiramisu .
i'm doing very well . having coffee , waiting for my boyfriend to come home .
its very stressful . people always blame me for the computers not working !
oh do you play an instrument ?
well , being in graduate school , i need the caffeine !
if i visualize something strongly enough i can manifest it . call me magic !
i'm from alabama . how about you
hi sarah . do you like to golf ? its one of my fads .
hello what is going on today ?
i am from nashville , home of country music which i love . and you ?
i like to play sports like volleyball , softball , soccer , love to playvideogames what about you
nope , i don't read that much .
so what do you do on your days off ? i am working on a short story collection .
that is terrible , i worry about injuries since i only drive a motorcycle
i am good , getting ready to head to the bookstore where i work
well i am just preparing to rule england .
yes ! ! i actually need to go shopping with my daughters !
for how long have you been an actor ?
i know about driving trucks , but , you , president , i don't know about that ! ahahah
i love it so much ! it is my calling
nice that sounds like fun , are you from there ?
i bet it is fantastic , but i don't eat any type of bread
yes , i am in tv commercials . working on modeling .
yeah , i love it . i love right near the ocean so its really fresh .
yeah , well with my intellect i want something better .
i can imagine , what do you draw usually ?
oh okay . that is interesting . i live by myself and work on cars a lot
what breed of dog ? that is great .
have yoy ever been to the west coast , i have not .
i do use italian to talk with them
do you like what you do for a living ?
i think i saw her playing soccer once , so yeah .
that could be fun , you should try bowling
really ? org . tomatoes add life to everything haha
i would have to train our dogs to accept the kitten but it can be done .
anything that involves race cars
that is very cool . back when i lived on the beach my neighbor was into that .
i teach high school and do some art classes
ok , maybe we can form a book club
yes i love to draw . i love to eat too . sometimes too much .
sadly i am really tall so when i run my arms and legs just look weird , lol .
i catch all the time i am great
nah , just me and ginny the ginger cat . do you drive ?
doing well , thanks . kind of a slow day .
hi i want to live in the city but i am stuck on this pig farm
how are doing this evening ?
that is also really cool . i was interested in that during college
yes i can make lengua , enchiladas , menudo
it really sucks ! do you ski ?
i might have to move someday now with my husband situation
i'm a chef at a local restaurant .
mom stays home dad runs an accounting firm
hello how are you today
old is a place of honor . gold is a sign of a good warrior
i eat a lot of junt food and i need to stop . i love junk food
my husband is the same way , he promises to travel with me after he retires
man that stinks . do you have time for any hobbies ?
oh i see haha do you like sports
naw . i have a lifted 4x4 black with some sick chrome . double smoke stacks .
what is your favorite type of food ?
it is a long story , involving a bandit and a turtle . . .
lol i'm not sure i haven't tried ! but that would be cool !
that's a lot ! do you play cards with your family ?
nice ! i'm in therapy . so basically same thing .
i understand that i'm particular too . what do you do for fun ?
i'd love that ! they can alphabetize my cd collection with me
i didn't get to finish college .
wow that's , you can still go to school while she hasa kid
haha not as bad as it sounds that's funny
hi nancy ! i am melody . . .
being a full time mother , i try to go camping at least once a month
hi ! i am doing well thanks . how about you ?
hello how are you today ?
alabama . . . great track team , too . do you like beer ?
you mean adopt there are hundreds of dogs wanting to love someone
you ever try a vegan taco ? i eat them all the time in berkeley
oh yea ! ! from the biggest loser ?
alright , why do you hate coffee ?
i almost died yesterday afternoon
no . do you know any ?
that sound great , having family
wow that'sn't a fair race
i sneak it in ! i am trying to gain my six pack again
that would be a long trip
okokokok . but no drinks til midnite this time . i really want to cut the floor !
oh okay my brother runs a studio
that's great . i fish in my free time and enjoy a good burger
like tom cruise on risky business .
is that what you do for work ?
that's good too i guess
those pastimes don't make you old .
i do russian things mostly
oh , then you are totally forgiven ll . your kids names ?
i am always cold i need iron bad
hello there how are you ?
i like to pose and use neato filters .
i don't have any pets . do you like animals ?
what color is it ? ? hopefully red . i love red ! ! ! ! ! !
i live in washington but was also in maryland for awhile going to school
i like guns n roses . but i dislike broccoli
she used to lift weights . i am not good at it either . what color is your hair ?
you are really funny . i am just an ordinary person . i work in a bank .
hi , do you have any dogs ?
not too bad , just got in from work
shoot i just cracked open a cold one . about to watch some anime . you ?
okay , i suppose . how are you ?
lol really ? what was the joke ?
so you can help people too ? like a superhero !
one sister one year older . the walking dead scares her , do you watch it ?
i like going with my friends to places with nature .
good , just doing my daily skin care routine .
yes i love to go fishing how about you
hi how are you doing
i do not program much , but i know a couple .
cool i like to jam sometimes . you play an instrument ?
that's terrible ! and it is like a maze in there so you cannot escape
we pillage to get the wine for the fine dine .
you too , have a good day .
all kinds of different sandwiches and the meats are tasty .
no kidding . do you have any hobbies ?
did you not like your classes ? i'm taking beauty classes which i really enjoy .
but would not that be just adorable ?
no i do not . do you ?
ll really that sound pretty fun ! lol
cool hobby . i enjoy winter . i read a lot when it is cold .
well that's not very nice .
and what would that be ? lol
sounds delicious ! my daughter wants to be a vet , its a great career choice .
the traffic drives me nuts
sounds peaceful . do you work ?
what do you do for career ? i've a ton of hobbies if you are interested !
no thanks i did that already today ! lol
my dad is head engineer for ge .
i've not had one of those in a long time . sounds fun !
we are like a cartoon
yes , she does . she has a ford mustang that i drive
i've not spoken to my sister in years , she is in a cult
it can be since i know all of it
i want to be a writer
same here . i'm divorced , 3 times .
hi i'm from the great state of michigan .
i just watched the conjuring
have you ever heard an electric violin ? that's what i play .
cool i thing animals are the best
i wish it will rain again
wow so you kick the football into the goal ?
lol that's very funny . i like that one
i do not believe in dating and have never been
i've a dog too named duke he's my best friend
are you saving for college
nice . do you like music ? i love country .
i hope to be a teacher in the future . you teach ?
yeah that could be a good place
i've never been to a show
pets ? i do not have any . boo hoo
most people do , and i'm okay with that .
are you a vet ? i bet working with the living is rather lively . lol
reading is great . how bout you
to put my mind at ease i work on local political campaigns
do you have any hobby ?
hey ! i just came in from outside . its my favorite place to be !
yes me too ! i hate it is ending soon
i like to eat steak and binge watch tv on a laptop
no pets yet . my wife spends her time dealing with our children
i've never tried . maybe if i concentrate really hard .
i wish , but i get busy all day with cross country and basketball practice with my boys
i'm well , how about you ?
i understand that . what do you like to do ?
not too expensive sounds good good luck with your burgeoning business
some , i like the art . i have thorns and a rose tattooed on my feet
love mac and cheese , oh and tacos . i love fish tacos .
kinda cloudy here , irma is a brewing
sorry to hear that why want to eat pumpkin with me it will make you feel better
to go to work , i don't need much time , just 10 minutes and i am ready .
i'd definitely win , but sure why not ?
i love music and i am in the military
my husband and i have grandkids that range from 7 to 30 . there are 10 total .
trade places ! i like bacon so it would be perfect .
i think one person can make a difference
i like the beatles i think i have all their cds and some old vinyls .
does that really concern you ?
raining here unfortunately under an umbrella for me
i am jealous . i work too much , but treat myself with snacks
i need to go purchase my school supplies tonight .
do you listen to music ?
blue is my favorite , what are you studying ?
i do , i work from home . i can't see well
not at all . i just did an article about halloween tanks on my blog
no , i only date men taller than me so i dumped my last man .
ford f150 . fords are the best . what kind of car is your dads ?
i'm fine and you ?
wow . does he know martial arts ?
lol i just do th horses are easier to me , they do not throw objects at my face .
oh i love fish do you catch many ?
i deal with enough people at work i'm solid with my dog by my side
nice . where are you headed to ?
excellent . if my wifi speeds up we can get this done quickly haha .
i just bought a new sweater . you win
down near the farms . ll . i have a long beard and look like them amish !
its tough . to deal with . i mean i have some time left here .
river floating is wonderful for relaxing your mind too .
lol i scratch my nose when oreo shakes tickle it
i know how to relax
hello . i just got back from australia . how are you ?
no but my mom used to read me stories for bed .
i'm good . how are you ?
. yeah , i can see like 200 in front of me
thanks ! i also need lots of coffee , even with my steak .
what kind of music do you like ?
nothing just packing up for our monthly camping trip .
i love cats ! yeah , i have never been able to sing in public until lately .
not really but my moms do . they love me and tell me whenever i call
well , i was taking care of my beta fish
they have books you can listen too ?
yes . love of family , friends and significant other .
wait , what is a 4h ?
yes . that sounds like a plan .
that is odd , i have seen a price once . well the ghost of a prince that is .
i only have two years of school left
what do you do for work ? i'm an accountant
what if i fall off ? are you gonna save me ? ? maybe my collie would save me
i like to lift weights but squats aren't for me .
me too ! i have too many pairs though ! my poor husband cannot understand
that is a good song do you like to read
thanks . i'll be in north virginia soon . you in that area ?
i guess that is true . i'm always whining though
200 feet , i'm sorry . my vision is terrible and i get bad headaches
i am not sure . i was deployed to the middle east . i saw some things .
i gave up coffee after graduating college a few years ago . do you have other vices ?
probably go to bingo and maybe hit up jazz fest .
that must of been really hard on you
i love halloween . can't get out like i used to i am 77
i am in nursing school , i am scared
a gender doesn't define you , just be yourself
nice , i am a teacher , so i am all about chores !
ouch like a commune ? ? or something different
i have never used a kindle , i love the feel of real paper .
i love other football called soccer .
yes , that's why we are still friends i guess
hiking is fun too , it gives me time to daydream
that's pretty much what happened to me with going to the gym lol
congratulations ! seven is still a magical age . boyfriend get along with her ?
hello , i am sarah . how are you doing ?
it reminds me of being a kid and having mom read to me .
i am doing well , i am to go shopping at thrift stores
i haven't stopped eating it since i went on vacation to italy !
i had to call 911 once it was so bad . do you have any pets ?
anything mexican i love . tacos , burritos , you name it
oh . i'm just hanging out with my gf .
not fun . i wrote a novel whose main caracter was a dentist .
i might as well be a chef . i've 4 children under 5 .
hiking is fun too , it gives me time to daydream
you should drive safe . what is your favorite food ?
wow that s impressive . i m in college right now and also work at a smoothie place .
did you know michael jordan was really good at basketball ?
yeah and always they cut me off
i love books too ! i go to a book club every week . what kind of music ?
i grew up poor and i always enjoyed dwelling in the natural beauty of the world
i'm a lawyer , what about you ?
i try to . what else do you do for fun ?
i love all food . i really love cooking . baking is boring though . you ?
oh okay . i'll hurry . i work for a non profit organization that helps children in need
i'm doing great . do you like science ?
i like to make blankets
do you smoke or drink ?
hi , are you there buddy ?
that is cool , i used to have six cats .
that sounds scary !
i like the denver broncos i even have my hair dyed orange and blue
i am good do you work
i just check patients in and take phone calls but i am studying to be a dental hygienist
what is your favorite food by the way eating pork skins .
awesome ! guns and roses is my favorite .
i listen to a lot of rock music
that is good . my girl is in salt lake city .
i want to buy more art supplies
i work full time at a clothing store , five days a week . you ?
i do not . but i bike . i love to bike
do you want to bake with me and my daughters ?
wow i've never been to india
work and enjoy to do models and draw
i wish i would have become a nurse . your jobs are in demand .
hi , just taking a break online after shopping on qvc !
that is interesting , i like to read when i eat out
have you got an idea what degree you will choose ? its okay if you do not
nice , do you own any pets ? my grandchildren fill that spot .
alaska , you ? are you married ?
i live in a van i drive , so no kids
i am a musician the violin is what i play
mine too that's so awesome
two candy and dandy . they are sweet .
mmm , sounds good . how tall are you ? i am of .
bunch of stuff . being a truck driver also gives me the time to travel .
hello , i am mark , i am a lawyer . who are you ?
you'll just have to make the time when you can . just don't miss out .
peaceful place that i ve been through is for trucks day awesome
i shop in new jersey malls nice clothes .
no comment its got me sympathy tips at the coffee shop
where do you work at
it makes me popular at school but i feel like it is wrong
hello ! how are you doing today ?
sorry to hear that ! i like festivals and music !
she's wonderful ! what kind of food do you like ?
and besides i have no other family , just mom and me .
mario is harder than most people think
nice want to know something funny ?
oh that's far away . i married my friend from high school
everyone probably does once in a while
trees , leaves , everything , seasonal allergies .
i love them all . i watch them online every chance i get .
what so you do from home ?
awesome ! i'm a little taller than you . six feet .
close but they happen to be my favorite color black that they wore in the movie !
i hate salads ! ! ! so gross !
i'm good how are you
i think that's about it . mainly my guitar and video games .
nice . i used to be on television but love being a director now .
just going to disney every year . you ?
do you bake savory things i love things with onion
i'm thinking of a bbq sandwich for lunch
i spend most of mine shopping online and enjoying a good toddy .
they have older teams . hey , you need a job ?
its okay but not something i want to do forever .
thank you very much . i want to do something to help others and our country .
but you didn't answer which is rude .
yeah the fish are hiding
i'm good . just listening to some tool .
hey i am doing great . pizza sounds good i really like tuna fish salad
black is a good color do you like the hot weather i can not take it
yeah i was drafted by the t wolves i dunk things
i am very depressed and don't eat a lot i am only dedicated to my job .
i don't i like to see different things traveling
i work at a vet office . so you got any interests ?
cool ! me too i've a masters degree in business adminstration .
no what are you doing today ?
wow that sounds great what do you do ?
what do you mean by quake ?
that's so cool . i've never been there myself .
you have any girl friends ?
they are always at festivals and fun events . do you have a big family ?
i don't get a long with my family
that's cool , like oldies music ?
i am from los angeles originally
alright . my two daughters love that show .
what do you do in life ?
i enjoy insane clown posse . i am too fat for sports
no , i am more of a computer geek .
oh neat , is it like a thriller or coming of age type story ?
she did . very sad stuff eh
i met my girlfriend at a yoga class .
yeah dogs are good best friends .
beautiful state . i went on an archery trip out there last year .
i am so sorry . wear pink socks !
where do you live and when will you finish high school ?
the only baseball games i watch are usually the world series .
hello , my name is john and i am a elementary school teacher .
i am doing good i am having a great day
that's a good occupation . i'd do that if i needed to work .
ink really . i just wanna be a vet
can we meet and talk because i want you to be my friend in christ .
what is your koalas name ?
that's good for them . i stand for gay rights
yeah this is a bit silly heh
my were casts offs . has bob been with you a long time ?
how long have you owned a farm ?
hi , care to chat with a vet tech ?
oh , i enjoy flying airplanes .
i do but we do not live together .
i did too ! you do not want to be with all those nerdy kids .
i like art , and am taking classes . you ?
well no , i'm just allergic to one thing
i'm really into this band called avatar right now . they're from sweden .
maybe she just needs a friend ?
probably europe . i went to seven different countries while i was there .
what is the main hairstyle in europe now ? mine is always long .
i lost my eye sight . i still drive though . race me !
very busy having a large family of five and a husband
no , just me . how about you ?
no , not at all . i was thinking about piano but just jumped on a plane instead .
my parents do not cherish me .
hi how are you tonight ?
sounds like a blast . do like my meat and potatoes ,
so how are are you typing
my daughter . she graduated early , and is valedictorian .
cool . do you like dance ? i'm a ballerina .
i like to run and chase cheetahs at the zoo . what is your favorite food ?
what do you do for a living ? i'm in the army .
you are a very morbid dude
lucky you ! if i could i'd take a swim class to learn how .
wow that is sad its nice that you keep her memory alive
yeah not my thing . not so much time for watching sports .
my team is the baltimore raven , we go the festivals together . like a family
oh yeah ? did your ex like mexican food ? it is my favorite .
i'm very bad at catching things .
you should give that a shot
hi ! which aspect of it ?
yeah , when i was a telemarketer , needed that extra energy
yes i do ! do you have any other hobbies ?
not really . maybe try mechanical turk ?
hi . . . how are you doing tonight ?
i know right , i really need to go there again .
yeah that is the best part
i have an old mustang that i fixed up myself .
texas , but not in the flood zone , thankfully .
what is your favorite food ?
i know what you mean . do you take medication for it ? it helps !
i like to build computers on the side too .
i was married , divorced now
yeah , but i still drink milk . my bird actually likes it . he is a parakeet
i like those genres too
i made homemade pasta and finished the meal with ice cream .
san diego ? la ? santa barbara ? montecito ?
no , i don't . is madonna a friend of yours ?
i love to be in the rain
cute ! one of my kids has green hair .
do you take a lot of pictures ? i am always posting on instagram .
i am doing well . tell me about yourself .
nice ! me and my 3 great danes are doing fine here , listening to music .
hiking is where i find peace . my mom lives with me .
just turned 52 . life is good . . . mostly
or car salesmen ! lol a gave a bowl to my dad haha
maybe that's why i am happy with my life , that or singing only in the shower
good . just got home from college . how are you ?
you said you proofread for hallmark and i told you i do lab work
i work at an india restaurant .
i've one baby brother .
oh that sounds like a lot of fun .
that sounds like fun i live in a bad part of town i hate it
oh no ! i hear you . its not easy . enjoy every second . it flies by
i've invested in bitcoin . not a bad investment .
my twin brother loves doing that
tell me your passions would you ?
that is awesome . what is your favorite food ?
you must be creative , people like you do well in my field at ibm .
i love getting likes on my photos . what do you like about facebook ?
do you think you are a little too young to be online ?
all those poor lovers lost int he storm , how tragic !
the car place must not be paying you what you are worth . must be tired .
i am too really , my family is really not well off
hmmm . your band has youtube videos ?
i am relaxing by the piano . and yourself ?
i've read a few by timothy zahn . i am a chef . you ?
okay that is cool like it ?
cool ! does she like to sing songs also ? i sing many
only when i need extra money to pay the bills . what do you do ?
i can not try that because i know my blood is weak
of course . i hate to admit this , but i am a college drop out .
i love playing with roaches
funny except my dog and i are both short , so we get lost in the snow .
my favorite thing to do is eat a cheeseburger and play on my 386 . do you ?
yup usually it falls around halloween . i bet it will hit early this year
i bet it does ! i'll have to order some from you .
anything like any food really
true , some people simply have better taste . how many monitors do you have for your computer ?
yeah , it is sad to see such a beautiful place torn apart
hey there how are you ? i like nikes only .
i don't fish but i love to get fish tacos at my favorite food truck
i reside in new york with my parents but tell me about yourself
i sit at a computer all day long
just like to keep busy with what ever is in town
hey , you got any pets ?
i hope not ! it is black so harder to see at night !
hello , i should be doing homework but i don't feel like it .
do you have any tattoos of dogs ?
hello , how are you today ?
yes , and it is going to be next week .
did you go to college ?
i'm a weekend warrior . i love it .
that is cool do you like to play golf
what instrument do you play ?
hey how are you ? what do you like ?
animals . i work at a shelter sometimes and take home the surplus .
i'm arnold and i like to eat sandwiches .
me too ! i've three and love cooking italian food .
am doing really well . thanks ! what are you up to today ?
oh , i don't think they would want me to drink that during the day
i wish i could collect ford mustangs . even though i work 3 jobs , i'm still broke
i'm married hun but i appreciate the offer lol
actually , i find it fascinating .
i just bought this new green car and it has a strange smell .
pool boys are my jam . my mom is my best friend .
omg ! i still live with my mom . i've never been on a farm .
another month . my sister mary has been taking care of me .
yea politics how about your self
that is nice too . what does she do for a living ?
oh yes , all is good . how about you ?
very good , lots of downtime for reading . how about you ?
maybe i'll look into that
i walk dogs and one of them got hit .
ok i'm glad your fine i'm also well . do anything for fun ?
i tend to run away from conflict as well
hello . its enjoyable . how is your weekend going ?
i could use some retail therapy been dog sitting 3 crazy chihuahua
my wife do not like me either she loves our 2 cats and the dog more
it is i'm a giant nerd lol . do you sell nice sports cars
ones to help heal people
i like pink , how old are you ?
hello , how are you today ?
what do you do for a living ?
that's too bad , have you done anything fun this weekend ?
old school wizard of oz . new mirrormask . you ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
hopefully to canada , i hear they have good museums .
where is your family from ?
yea she left me for some dude . i deserve better !
i like current bands like imagine dragons and linkin park .
oh no i hope she finds relief soon .
yes that is true with most anything isn't it ?
really like playing field hockey and soccer .
you know whats dope ? i have driven a car ! my friend told me to turn .
yes any time you can save money is great !
me too ! i think critical role is on twitch today you should watch it
do you like to read at all
worn , whatever . i think i'm gonna quit my job to be a roadie for justin bieber
fine , thank you , my internet is very high speed
i work at a bank , what about you ?
hope you are able to work there . what is your favorite food
thank i'm inspired by alexander mcqueen and the great coco chanel
sorry to hear that . you could ride with me . i can go 208 mph for 10 minutes .
that is beautiful ! my claim to fame is . i say my abcs backwards .
do you swim a lot
hello ! well , i really enjoy reading . i learned to read when i was only 3 ! you ?
that isn't fun , you have to live a little lol
they did indeed , sorry to hear you lost it
i wish i can have a million dollars too , that would be awesome .
i like music a lot
i have loud neighbors too . i hope they move soon
it was quiet and rainy
wow i want to see your military experience
oh that is nice i like to eat plenty of take out food do you ?
you must do a lot online .
what do you do for a living ?
sounds great , we have that on the farm
that sounds delicious ! i want some .
oh my does it not remind you of your own mortality ?
thank you ! feel free to hand that bmw over to me haha
i really hope you get better soon , i know how hard it is
i'm good . just got back from my yearly trip to disney .
what are you getting a bachelors in
lol well i finally tied the knot last year . . thank god ! long wait
i also don't like staying in doors for all these hours
are they all sure of who they're attracted to ?
oh no that is awful . i love riding horses so i could not deal with allergies
me either , but i worked loonngg hours for it ! so its deserved !
sounds hard . i've got asthma so working in factories is a nono . what else do you do ?
is it ? try reading a murder mystery while jazz plays . mind blowing !
same here . better days ahead i hope .
drinking is fun , wish i got to drink while at work sometimes , hah !
clean my attic apartment and pet my skunk
everyday . my red hair flowing in the wind
oh , yes . i was popular because i had a pool .
i do , but what i really like is shopping .
that's cool i work at amazon
yeah , some like to call mr mr . arms my daughter love my arms too
no i will eat them all
i am glad you do not know my mother
that's cool . you will be still young when she's grown .
hmmm . what you growing in the garden ?
i just like posting them on instagram
i am a full time student but i work construction in the summer months for
i did not . i usually only watch british television
cooking , driving . . going into nature
it is but i do my best to make it work
besides listening to music i also like to knit from time to time
they're ! i also use to breed husky
i liked that version a lot
oh no why is that ?
between the bubbles and popcorn at the movies , my jeans are a bit tight .
yes ! i wish i could live there , since it seems cold . i like the cold .
hello ! i am great . just working from home .
sounds like it ! do you like anything else ?
i work as a cashier
it depends on the length
i am a real animal lover and have several pets .
i mostly stay at home and am currently chasing my two year old around . you ?
nice usa ! i am in france .
i might the chinese guy i get my raw sushi from may need some housework done
ho i love hiking in the outdoors
i have blonde hair with pink highlights
that would be lovely . we should travel together . i want to become an explorer
i am well how are you ?
i am employed at supermarket
babysitting mostly , but my fiancee works in it .
i cannot wait . i love fall . the air is crisp and cool weather .
that sounds great i also like to paint
yes my hobbies are writing poetry , fishing , bike riding , etc .
its hard not to sometimes
i always wear black . except the spikes on my collar are stainless .
yes i read books
oh . the movies is my favorite place to go .
mine is too . he's smart .
i ran track for school . what was that one time ? so mysterious .
i support eating burritos and just being a guy .
lake walks are nice , especially in the evening . i am usually home watching star trek though , haha
no , what kind of music do they play ?
no just did that a few days ago . what do you do for a living
not fond of the cold , but i am an engineer intern and live in the cold .
nice , whats your favorite color ace lawyer ?
well my husband had 2 kids before we got married
haha that is the opposite of me . i just about never buy anything
candy is good it october . little sister game today got to go see her play soccer
i am great ! energized from my daily caffeine . how are you ?
that is very cool . i use several
i am originally from spain , but i moved to canada after i got married . you ?
a big company , i really look forward to retirement !
i can not say the name rings a bell
there's joy to be found as well
hi how are you today
hi . how are you doing ?
good ! i'm 89 so i do have a few !
no i don't play anything
i mean like winter cooler . . . that is my favorite time of year
you sure keep busy . are you anything like cher in the movie clueless ?
i'm going skiing tomorrow because its freezing .
polka helps me concentrate on movies .
yah , i'm more of a game of thrones kinda person . . . . hopeless addict .
do you have another hobby besides wine ? lol
he was old , and passed from natural causes .
i actually like sod too in rl lol
they really are i can not wait to buy one
i'm a man stuck in a females body .
with friends like you , who needs enemies ?
good that they are healthy . mine almost always have pneumonia .
i have a dogs and some birds
tennis is one of my favorite sport , so i always have to stay in shape for that
hi how are you ? what music do you like ?
hi , i'm doing good . just enjoying my favorite food , spaghetti and meatballs
wow ! does your son wear special glasses ? you sound like a good mom .
i love combat boots and baby doll dresses
i like to draw a lot
i wish i had friends . many people think i'm a nerd
candy is great , i actually really love computer science though . i'm off to uc santa cruz
lasagna or fajitas . my mother teaches cooking , so she taught me .
hello ! better then ever !
really ? you know any cops ? my dad was a cop
yeah , i've a wonderful husband and two lovely sons
vegetarian is one thing , but vegan is a little harder
so is your husband as excited as you are for your sons wedding ?
oh wow , crazy ! any kids from your previous marriages ?
how many do you have ?
i'm too fat to walk
i do ! i'm a big rider , motorbikes as well . do you ride bikes ?
yes . but i've to walk there , i'm too scared to take the bus . you ?
that sounds fun . kind of . i've boots i could wear on a farm
whats a cardigan ? ? like a bird ?
hi , i'm doing well , how are you ? tell me about yourself !
yes i did . one of my mothers taught me how ! she's a great cook
same here , what else do you love ?
how about you are you married or are you single ?
you as well ! i hope you do not feel too adrift .
you must have a lot of stress . i'm not a drinker , but i empathize .
i like music . buy me a record please !
that is wonderful . my three daughters are always out at the bars .
wow ! 9 huh ? i sell cable boxes . what do you teach ?
i thought it was earlier than that . i love kiss .
one of my teachers , which became a good friend of mine helped me start up a casino
i'm thinking about where i can move too . what are you doing
speaking of hounddogs i have 3 suppers
why do you get migraines ?
that is awesome ! it is just me and my black lab
always . even during yoga out in nature
my pc is soo slow
i'm a college student
this biography is about my favorite actor .
both ? ? i wish i had siblings .
thank you , i just started working online . do you work ?
thanks for not reacting negatively about me having 2 moms
lol . . . is there anything else you are passionate about ?
they might be , but i prefer red over green
i enjoy crochet and alternative rock music .
what is their name ? how cool
awwww that's cute do you want kids
nice . what vintage . i got a trust fund , so i'm always in the market for wine .
i do but do to this only job for source of income it has been tough
how are you this morning
paino paino paino paino paino
i enjoy baseball also . are you in school ?
what kind of classes are you taking ?
nope , i'm not really into football .
they probably originated from court jesters in medieval times .
you are also 10 ? that's wild . i'm a boy
i travel for work i go to mexico often
i'm good . do you follow sports at all ?
oh yeah , what books do you like reading ?
i strip because i'm bad at math .
well you should eat raw okra with it
. . not that i care what others think . i do not work but my boyfriend works at nasa !
that's great , do you sell them online ?
that's great , i had a sister too but she passed .
is some of subways food organic ? that's all i eat .
i've vere tried that game . can you send it to me ?
hello , meat eater , country music , football , hunting and own a huge truck . you ?
it is ! do you like black coffee ? i'm addicted to it
that's interesting ! i've a class trip to japan i'm excited for !
i m really into their music
oh , that's not good . do you have a lot of friends ? i do .
tired but clean i just got out of the shower
ok , its painful . i live in los angeles
that's kind of you to do . like it ?
getting ready to start my shift in a hour
my moms strict too , i got an angel tattoo on my hip . she was mad
haha yes a little bit . i look like a character from the avatar movie .
hi there ! how are you doing tonight ?
i'm an aspiring cook ! how about you ?
i bet you it does
one day i hope to climb mount everest .
i don't remember haha . i'm a bit forgetful like that
yes i agree . i work in a bank i have hard time keeping up with payments
sounds like you keep pretty busy
i know how to make good films , i'm an actor too .
elementary education with a minor in american literature , did you go to school ?
i'm well trying to make my motor stop it never does lol
i enjoy surviving off of nature .
i will have to check it out . i will read to my children like mom .
hi name is kelly , and i hope to visit rome but cannot go alone .
you have to find someone who accepts you for you . i'm single also
not unless you count my grenade launcher , i'm fond of explosions .
one of my hobbies is traveling
hey there ! i'm doing well , how about yourself ?
oh ! i practice karate as a sport . what do you do for fun ?
i like fishing and fine dining
i don't know . never been a fan . i take it you like it ?
i really really like hot dogs
wow amazing do you have kids ?
i moved a little ways from home but we have horses chicken pigs etc
i make vegan food . how about you ?
i'm sure he does like it . what else do you do ?
my nana taught me when i was way younger
she's my best friend
really ? it seems to be the opposite here . a lot of skeptics .
i do the newspaper one but it is too easy
i am going to barbados soon its one of my favorite places
you have a zebra ? wow . i prefer bears but that is cool
gotcha . my sister wants me to find someone , have a family . but i am only 22 !
i need to get that last song picked for my wonderful music playlist .
i've not had dinner yet . that sounds delicious though . do you like music ?
i like purple too . dark purple , not lavender
they might be , but i prefer red over green
i do , but mostly after work with the boys
take care and spend time with her . we could all be gone tomorrow .
only the one i left at the truck stop . you ?
have any good gluten free pizza recipes ? i am always looking for new ones .
hi there , how are you ?
yea . the world can be a cruel place i guess
that sounds like a lot of fun .
i am good , just got done horse racing .
i'd love to take singing lessons !
are you okay with getting out your town where you reside ?
my kids are 10 and 12 .
how old are you ? if you do not mind me asking
yeah i listen to all kinds what kind do you listen to
no but i love to bake cookies
on the road a lot ? i go horseback riding every weekend with my boys .
graceland ? that sounds like such an awesome idea !
she did . very sad stuff eh
beetles are life ! i met them , i hoped they liked me . . .
hey ! whats shakin and bakin ?
no way ! i love photography but can't see colors so that limits me .
that is nice ! i have to drive 45 mins to work .
dwight are not you just the assistant to the regional manager
sure thing , i agree ! have a good one !
cool ! i am currently an artist and i am working on a new drawing
have you ever heard of the band the muggers .
yep . i am here . how are you
in the miliary when i wed , so justice of the peace . what flavor cake ?
hello , so this entire character chat is going to be me insulting myself .
i am great how are you ?
what do you do for fun ?
i know right . the square slices are the best .
oh no ! i've a cat , his name is mater .
this back thing is chronic . they say probably stress related .
no . i do not . i know nothing about cameras . do you like country music ?
wheel of fortune lol ! i feel like i am learning all about you !
i work close to home , within walking distance ! i do not even need to drive .
i order mine online , my husband is always working .
i will swim across an ocean to beat you
sometimes i watch game of thrones on my iphone 7 .
moms are the best , my mom has my doll collection right now .
way cool . i walk on the beach and watch the sunset every night .
yea sometimes i like to kidnap kids and eat them
hi how are you today ?
lucky you have your mom . i write in my journal every day .
what is your favorite movie ?
would not be practical for the trails . some bob dylan and hiking boots , all you need
i am so great . for sure , no fl now . unless you are really good at swimming ?
i do not like pets , they just leave in the end like my dad
i love shoes ! do you have any hobbies ?
my father is a prince from algeria
i'm great . playing video games here . you
is it a civic though
it is a good way to wind down at the end of a long day .
currently a student but i work at a pet store part time . do you like animals ?
yeah , i need a car
share it with me ! i'm kind of down . feel like giving up . maybe it will help
yea , seven of nine is my cat . do you like dancing with the stars ?
i like mostly classical music
yes . i'm cooking them now while reading the paper .
yes . i teach italian since i'm very fluent .
ok , well emotional intelligence is way better than a high iq or bank balance
nice ! i like cooking and baking , too . i love making pies .
you must be a really cool person lol
that sounds like a lot of fun . hopefully some day soon !
is christmas with the kranks a john grisham movie ? that is the only one .
i like christmas too . its a good time to read by the beach .
what do you mean that you live in ants ?
i'm from kansas but it is so cold here . i'd rather live somewhere warmer .
i love to travel and read . i have been to ireland and australia and love both .
give him a try ! have you ever been to france ?
nice ! i use my computer to video chat with my dad in china .
fine , how do find the weather ?
are you trying to lose weight
no , widow now , are you married ?
what kinds of shows do you like to stream ?
that's nice i wish i was more creative
hello , i am okay . just got off work , how about you ?
i like to give my time by volunteering on the weekends .
good morning how are you today
hi ! whats your favorite band ? love red hot chili peppers !
i started a small blog to post my reviews about paris !
oh , wow . you guys are rear
omg that's my favorite color ! ! my iphone is even red ! do you have an iphone ?
are you a girl or a guy ?
awesome ! i don't take as many pictures as i should .
fine , nice to meet you mr . cindy
how far away is it ?
you are so old though
ireland . my mom is from there and my dad from australia . i live in california .
that is nice the only thing i cannot eat is pizza how about you ?
so you just watch on tv huh ?
cats don't have souls so i don't see them at church when i sing in the choir
that is a shame . but you have a positive attitude !
same to you . have a great day !
what kind of petitions ? that surely is time consuming .
yes i like them there are active like me always cooking baked goods
i like painting and playing cards . you ?
that is great ! have you always been a gamer ?
nope i am a single guy and you ?
i like christian electronic dance music , you ?
what does he do for work ? got any family
i don't listen to too much music , so not sure
wow . i have been to florida many times but never china
ditto . i am searching for a new job after the farm .
i am not much of a cook are you in school
my only hobby is working my puzzles . teaching doesn't leave much free time .
going fine . . how bt urs ?
i am far too old for that
a teaching job . i teach english .
i'm just an eccentric spirit .
i do like comics and anime . also love animals . activist for animal rights .
its a form of martial arts ! it will make me a monster eventually , but a good monster
i hear cleveland is a pretty nice place , and close to lake erie .
in the girl scouts ? i use to be in the boy scouts
what else do you do ?
anybody in particular ? or just all of them ?
because it is halloween and that means clowns
that would be amazing i can not wait to see the finished painting
that's good . so i'm almost done with grad school
you can spray the flowers with nightlock and the cats won't bother it anymore
oh yes for sure that's great .
that's good , i work as a skittles player
hey , how are you dear ?
me too . i worked out so much i dropped out of college
you really would not do it if it meant you'd live just a bit longer ?
well try working hard . at your age you should have plenty of energy .
i'm in my pjs i work for a cable company at home
for fun , i go to concerts my fav music band is tool .
thank you so much ! my dad is a book writer so i learned a lot from him .
that's great . do you have any pets ?
that would not help with my slacking problem .
you must have loads of free time ! what do you get up to ?
pretty good thanks for asking , and you ?
i am an uncle sam auditor
perfect ! would make walking easier ! thanks .
yes ! it must have been . my mom is the best .
i enjoying binge watching shows on streaming services with mine
okay , i ll give them a listen . what type of music do you like best ?
ah . i am really old but my kids visit me all the time .
i work at a deli . i could suggest great cold cuts from the counter
i am the police , i am a cop , i am police cop !
i never have to buy compost because i make it . that sounds like fun .
really ? what makes you eclectic ?
hi how are you doing ?
i am a dog trainer . i am nowhere near seattle .
i like to read as well
that's awesome , i'd love that .
what dances do you prefer ?
he recently just wrote a book on time travel . mostly fiction . where do you live ?
sorry to hear that . my parents passed any in a car accident . be careful !
that's cool i make my own clothing sometimes .
blue is my favorite color , and i'd love to be an explorer !
yes just 1 for now hence i still have my black nissan z
been busy today . my son and i went to the park and had fun
hey there , what is your occupation ?
hi , how are you today ?
i actually watched a clip where they were having trouble with the phone . funny !
they seem nice . are you married ?
i play guitar . my elder brother taught me . do you play any instruments ?
hi , how are you doing today ?
wow that's cool . are you canadian i love them they're pretty ?
hi how are you today
well good luck with that , do you eat a lot of fast food then ? its my favorite
really ? shucks what you gonna do ?
yes , i also very good football fan
wow you are still young i am 93
hi how are you tonight ?
i like winter because i can wear my layered outfits .
i've never been there but i've heard it rains a lot . is this true ?
i will kill them all
yes i do ! you snorkel ? i do . mangoes taste like peaches .
hi i am fine , how are you
i do not think that would be helpful
i am currently overseas , i secretly love being deployed for a long time .
yes . i love shopping . it is something i do during my free time .
i only play scramble with my dad when he is from work .
i had my daughter at 20 , she had twins at 20 . they are 4 years old .
i hear you ! ! ! it is easy money . .
yes . i am really into biking .
so tell me more about you
mainly , barre and dance class .
it is nice sometimes to avoid the crowds and i can shop in my pajamas lol .
i think soccer will help me make new friends . all my friends are all back home .
well what do you like to do in your free time ?
that is great , maybe sometime i could paint a pic of your family , something i love .
why not ? did sumin happen ?
how far is it ? where do you live ?
me 2 , i love reading instead of talking myself
cool ! i watched a video on dc about gravity last week instead of my favorite futurama .
i am trying to find a better place to move , i made a horrible choice !
i just want to relax and sew on the porch
its fun but can be an expensive hobby
yeah you are right , i recommend hiking when you get done work haha
ah , sounds good ! my friend is like that . i grew up with him .
nah . i do like to fish , but they aren't pets
no way , my whole face swells up beyond recognition when i eat one .
going for my masters and work 2 part time gigs
is that what you want ? it can be hard living up to parental expectations .
i have not been to a jazz club since my last visit to chicago , eight years ago .
i travel a lot as well with my job . makes me miss my two beagles .
don't like any wine
hi . what can you tell me about yourself ?
that is still a great skill to have .
hi ! tell me about yourself ! please tell me all about you .
what else do you do then
i want to be a lawyer . first i have to get into a good college though .
welcome how are you doing
does your mother cook much ?
i am studying for my masters . fortunately mom lets me live with her .
you sound like one of my shows i watch on broadway
hello . how are you today ? i want to work in my garden , but its raining .
what have you learned ? i do not read since i cannot see in color .
i've two of them . they're so sweet .
that sounds ok i guess . i just want to find myself
good afternoon . how are you ?
i really like burgers and fries
for college , i am poor
its hectic
no , but i guess my brothers and sisters are my kids for now .
what kind ? honey dew ? i also have pumpkins
love impromptu ballet . i did a recital on the street . made 5 . ha ha !
it is worth it . i sometimes need a break from working as a meeting coordinator
i am also a jewelry designer , that is my first love .
what city are you from ?
turk says done . want to keep chatting ?
traveled the world and adopted children earlier .
i workout in the truck . i travel with my gym equipment .
haha yeah , that is what i cook at my diner
i am studying forestry management . i do not want to be a custodian like mom .
what kind of books do you write ?
i'm a teacher already , what do you do ?
i'm grilling a big steak and listening to an opera cd a friend gave me .
right on . does it get a good signal ? i like going hiking a lot
hello how are you doing today ?
i love baking and i love my children
i love chili corn dogs and cheesy hot dogs , but ink which i love more !
hey there how are you today ?
no , not much of a reader . i enjoy cooking though .
just dropped pizza on my suspense novel . two faves ruined at once !
there are many flowers here but i want to city . i want to see buildings
i just got back from a concert , my favorite thing to do .
no i'm not married , but i do have 2 sisters
i do to my mom died from it at 29 .
hi i'm excited to say my wife breast cancer free for 3 years
cool . hey if you want meditation tips let me know . i do it a lot .
nice , maybe i should do that to take my focus from drinking
yes it is and the simpsons american dad
hi how are you doing ?
savage ? do you like death metal ? i know a member of martius .
laugh out loud sew oat that is funny
are you going out tonight ?
are you free the country
weed ? that too in brownies ? i am laughing louder !
whoa ! i am in finance now . i got out of high school in 86 .
growing up in alabama i like country music
i like to make clothes by sewing
what kind of firm ? i mainly just watch football with friends . haha .
i am actually from hawaii .
my heart goes out to you , i feel your pain . remember the good things .
good morning ! actually , its not that great , my back is killing me !
i am doing good . just got back from union college . i am studying to be a english teacher .
hello how are you tonight
what color is your couch ? i love yellow ?
cool do you like comics i do
i do not like it either . i like it natural
i live with my dog i am making technology for him to speak
you must be a great tap dancer . i play soccer and watch movies
how are you today ?
the bass player . he's the one who introduced me to anime .
whats pretty sick ? my favorite movie in yenta .
i just sell . i used to play guitar but it has been awhile .
do you play any video games ?
oh , cool . yes , i do , i have a dog and two cats
i am from nyc . i should find a new piano teacher due to the cat situation
hopefully you get back to 100 soon .
cool . do you have any hobbies ?
just makeup and my cat mostly
i also start to wear blue shoes , the suede ones
great , love the cooler weather it makes me feel energetic
sorry to hear that . my parents passed any in a car accident . be careful !
oh cool i love costco i go there to get cakes i really enjoy a good cake
is that part of your job ?
ll ! so what kind of music do you like ?
i have . where do you like to go ?
glad you are happy . it is a 3d printer ! gadgets are my favorite
haha , i i had to work early as a kid
yes . i can make anyone look pretty
have you ever auditioned for anything ? i did for cooking once
shibamotos art is amazing is not it ?
i can teach you other items to make as well . i'm a classically trained chef .
i do ! sucker for italian food . lol
hi i crochet and spend time with my husband and kids
i like languages . i know six , besides english .
well , hiring people is easy ! did you know that my wife is miss usa ?
hello , do you like to paint ?
i'm a fraud . you are the 1st person that i told . 15 , 000 .
really me too ! what are the odds !
i hike weekly ! mountain climbing scares me though .
oh yes but i'm use it being cali .
hi not really . what about you ?
have you every gone skiing ?
hi ! how are you ?
that is tough . what does she do .
i went in england . just got back and bought a brand new chevrolet .
besides my unicycle l . not much . you ?
i'm good , just practicing for band . how are you ?
aw , that sounds nice . is that your only pet ?
i will have to drive there soon . cant miss my green car ! ! !
as good as can be expected . i'm pregnant for the first time .
i love nyc . they have great hip hop clubs
not bad . just working on a watercolor painting .
good thanks and you today ?
how cute ! i adore pugs . i always start my morning with yoga .
i am not doing great , i feel depressed
no , bad habit , i love books , especially anne of green gables , my favorite .
i am married and we have 3 children . we respect each other and no cults
lol ! i am in cali right now . hope to move to canada soon .
i am katana i am a nursing student at odu
it is smart to exercise . round isn't good for your heart .
i've a dog and cat . i adopted my dog when he was still a puppy
i believe in you ! i don't do sports , haha . my hobby is my cat !
where do you stay ? i live close to miley cyrus and pnb rock
my mother in law is sadly
i am well , just getting ready to go to football practice . tell me about yourself
doubt it , but more importantly i like classical music very classy
hip hop is good for when i am cooking i studied food early in life
i love winter so i can stay inside to play rpg computer games .
i am so hungry for a donut but no gluten for me .
i live out the the country so asthma wouldn't be good .
yeah hopefully do you like art
what is the weirdest story you have ?
when i am not working i play basket ball what do you do for fun
i owe 200 , 000 so i am about to lose my car
what kind ? i love brownies
you can make food into art too
ambitious . i feel like you should focus on needs assessment and connection to services first .
got a giant snake and some hamsters . it is a zoo in my frat house man . you ?
hello
yes , am a doctor , looking for cures
cool . i like people but i have feeling like i have to hang out with them .
it is so worth it . i cant imagine my life without music .
that is cool i really like to run outside
i am employed . do you do anything ?
i still have 2 years left imaging degree . no cute boys yet ;
we paint the town red !
cool , i like small spaces . i do not do well in open places
i am in college , and that is what most of my friends like
i do not suppose you watch much israeli tv ? my mother is a popular newscaster in israel
i do not . my husband wants a boy , he is in the army .
yes , i see that . i bet you can wait to turn 16 then .
lately i have been reading to distract myself from work and politics , activism is exhausting
well then , i enjoy long walks . . . and staying up late
that is nice . i'm a teacher . i love it . what do you do ?
so tell me about you ! you have any kids ?
i do not have any favorite books , i just read when i have nothing to do .
not vampires so much but celtic mythology
yikes lol . do you work ?
hi how are you doing today ?
oh that is a little tough . i'm in a pretty good spot and make around ask a year .
i'm more of a movie person than a music person .
the lizard is just two . then i also have a 10 year old dog named roscoe .
blue is such a cool color !
ha , and i like taxi driver , well i guess this will be a short ride
you should . my family loves it . do you live close to family ?
do you have any kids ?
me , it is what it is .
did you grow up in the country or city ?
hey hey !
perhaps , but my father is a minister and he wouldn't like that .
these things happen ! good you are giving it a go though
just a full of love argentinan . they love each other too .
hey how is life going ?
i am really hoping so .
nice , i have a sprite obsession
do you like to dance ?
lol . yay for peace of junk cars p
one is fawn colored , the other is white
hello how are you today ?
what do you like to make ? i also enjoy chatting with friends .
hello , i came to bring the pain ! !
whats her or his name ?
sorry to hear that . if you don't want to join a cult then don't
getting ready to go out and get some french fries ! you ?
same , the process is a pain . i would rather be playing dungeons and dragons with friends .
we met at a bookstore , near the nicholas sparks section my favorite
i can only imagine i am a only child
hi . i am bryan and i am an art teacher .
i am sorry about that . how long have you been married ?
i agree and hopefully my kid likes horses . i have one named beauty .
dust and clutter makes me do the same .
it s for marketing and management for this corporate client less than a week to do .
sure , i'll pick you up in my chevy tahoe
no i'm single at the moment and that is great congrats
yeah but i don't get to travel a lot
mine is green ! what kind of music do you like ? i love rock ! guitars are awesome !
nope , but i've seen the fall
hi how are you today
that is not fun , you have to live a little lol
do you like scary movies ?
great ! you ? my , son is ten ,
hair was too red it would scare them away .
well i'm single but have trust issues cause my mom dies when i was in kindergarten
i've a cat that is it , what about you
i love baseball , made the college team , i play short stop and i love mike trout
can we meet up at red ballet ? i'm a blonde and i crave beets .
yes ! whats your name ? you like prozac ? i invest so one day i'll be rich .
ll . i'm a waitress and working my way through med school .
dang . you are really ambitious , so not like me . but i admire it .
oh , you can never be too tall to dance !
wow ! that's a cool hobby , what belt are you ?
i hear yeah . but i would rather stay in the kitchen . do you have any pets ?
not yet , but i hope to soon ! i must go now . namaste !
oh , you can imagine , i've got three of them to juggle . . .
and 2 weeks for christmas
cool . the only place i go is to a lake so i can fish .
i love nature its my zen to watch bacon grow
i am a student and i want to study for a nurse .
hi . how is it going ?
somedays , just 8 hours of sleep doesn't feel like enough .
nice to meet you too . what do you do ?
what do you read ? i just graduated college . i was chicago for school .
yeah . probably not . you sound like you wouldn't be fun to hang out with
lunched with the witchy sister in law , then had my hair done .
well , and turning . i am going out to dinner with my brothers later .
right on , been there . do you like music ? i am a camper .
hi there how are you today ?
oh cool . i am taking some college courses and i've been thinking i might become a nurse .
yes , hassle free for sure .
believe me , they like it .
that was an awesome movie back in the day
i'm great . i wish it were sunnier .
i'm well , how are you ?
i like pizza . that is one thing i'm not allergic to
i like to go for a run when i wake up it really energizes me
i've 4 cats . they're perfect pets
sometimes , it depends on the weather .
cool . well if i find a krav maga class maybe you should come with
where is here ? somewhere south i guess
i don't like my brother at all
hi . how are you ?
i only drink coke from china , and it is hard to find in the usa
he is gay , so he keeps me very good company if you get what i mean
i fed him to my favorite animal the mako shark
how are you doing today
that is good . seen any good movies recently ?
yes just buy the hair color and the instruction is all there .
ah i'd agree ! what do you do for a living ?
i like to travel , especially to europe
never give up something you love !
wow ! that is old . i've stockpiled items organized from almost 24 years ago .
yeah or a guinea pig ha
yeah ! planning on going out and have a drink with my friends at our fave bar
that is worth it then ! i almost moved for grad school .
hi , how are ya today
utah is really beautiful you should let me know when you visit
no time for that yet . but maybe one day , you ?
won myself a beer ! ! ! i'm a champ ! ! ! !
hm . i do not know much about that . i'm more into making clothes than food .
you should ! its good exercise , i need it i'm a little chubby lol
a night owl is what i'm . do you stay up at night too ?
hi there ! i love watching sitcoms on tv . one of my favorites is still friends !
i'm a makeup artist , and i drive for user . i've a blue mustang .
but one day i'll be in a rock band , that is my dream !
gorgeous day . i'm feeling great . went for a ride in my boat today
the incredible journey , its about a cat and 2 dogs getting lost in the wilderness
cool , i just bought a sweater but it is to small . what do you style ?
yes , love it . great band .
femur , now i spend my time crafting the ultimate playlist
i'm great today . such a nice day
that is too bad , what do you eat
i'll draw for you while i wait . i'm good and do it all the time
yes , i like to have a restaurant in the woods one day selling bbq
nice ! ! they're awesome too ! what do you do for a living ?
mine are named chance and boomer . what do you do for work ?
well hello there ! how are you today ?
sounds like a plan . get away from all the clutter
i'm only 22 , so this is my first major career job !
i sure hope so sounds like she ate something bad
i meant the doctor said that i only have six months left
no i'm a high school senior with 2 brothers
come check me out , i learned the piano real young .
of course , i still live with him at home
we should play together next time
how fun ! i've not tried that before .
oh okay i like to make stuff in kitchen
i do have two children . they're naughty .
no i don't , but i'm think of one . what do you like ?
you should they have lots of ways to get around .
one of the members from pearl jam said i had a cute laugh
oh i'm in nashville
they sure are , my mom was a teacher . she passed away when i was 6 .
that was pretty cool , was not it ?
i love the beatles . what song ? i'm reading .
they should be spoiled . what do you do in your freetime ?
good thing football season just started ! i've never been to a pro game
actually my favorite is prince . do u have any hobbies ?
the ostrich . what is yours ?
how many kids do you have ?
cool do you have a lot of animals ?
i don't are you an only child
i bet you do . what do you teach ?
i bet that's hard work
mostly rock and stuff . are you in a band
neat , my folks teach so i'm good at that too
i guess they cannot love each other . . . just like how my mom does not love me
very good , you ? i just hiked in my pink boots .
well i'm big , strong and love to chop down trees
okay , hopefully we can find a new food truck to stop for dinner , cannot wait .
i live in providence and work at a publishing building downtown .
cool what breed of dog ? blue heelers are cute !
well it helps pay for med school
it is a sign that shows that our parents are happy
it is so hard finding a red purse that matches my car exactly .
is your favorite food mexican ?
i started drinking after i hurt my knee playing football .
they're . i love when they attack . . best part
you should because my high school classmate married me .
i've dogs and cats . do you have any pets ?
i am good than for asking
right now i've to take my pit bull to the vet
oh really ? tell me more .
i hear that . have not spent much time there . . . underwater shoots aren't my kinda thing
my kids love taylor swift .
that sucks . i usually just draw in my classes . so college isn't for me .
yeah , but it really keeps me grounded . also , it keeps me humble .
i live in l . a . but i am not an actress anymore
science and living alone makes me want to go out more to meet friends
it is okay , the librarian is the worst though
that . s cool . . . i love to cook for my friends and family .
really ? i can not wait to teach
what do you do when not petsetting ?
me and my lizards sometimes watch tv
well i could manage that . what foods do you like ?
that's awesome . i am from hawaii so there's always fresh seafood
oh ok , where do you live now ?
i am 30 . you ?
nope i preferably choose earth lol
that's awful ! i was so happy when my parents let me get a dog .
not really i like being home doing nothing , it is awesome !
everything but meat , cheese , and eggs ! what do you study ?
how much do you weigh ? ! ! ?
i don't like to watch any type of television .
yap . . its my favorite . . my tongue can handle it
i love my four daughters , also michigan state troopers , i used to be one
i am always going to auditions every chance i get
i am 24 . do you have any hobbies ?
i don't eat red meat as well
back when i was serving overseas they played a concert for the platoon
are you a guy ? i love to be around guys . they're so sexy .
he was the man . his paintings remind me of where i fish .
yeah . forget about it for a minute . what do you do for fun ?
i play music because my job is being a musician .
i've to get plastic surgery on my nose . are you near cate mesa ?
that sounds great ! my husband loves nachos too but don't like him .
that's nice . my mom was a stay at home mom to me and my sisters .
what do you do for fun ?
i've made 4 trips to mexico in the past year , but i don't like the food
i am doing well , looking forward to learning something about you !
that's great for them haha
oh woah triple threat i can only speak italian and english haha .
i don't talk to him much . last i checked he was still a bum .
oh . i am no better i work in retail right now to get through school .
i don't care what kind of food just as long as there are equal proportions
i hope it was about spring , i love spring . what do you hate ?
awesome ! me too ! i used to play football in high school .
country music kills my brain cells lol . it makes me cringe
i am doing good . just looking for a good book to read .
do you work with wood ? my mom teaches kindergarten and my dad assesses taxes .
i am still in love with my ex boyfriend but trying to move on . are you single ?
my parents died and my older brother raised me after their death
i cannot blame computers . i love them !
i live with my younger brother and my parents .
i'm doing great . just got off the subway from work .
she's wonderful ! what kind of food do you like ?
very soon ! i cannot wait !
is she alright or sick
do like the police ? cause i'm police
yeah its a little chilly today
i'm albert and used to practice law . you ?
i grew up in cajun country . not liking fish makes me weird lol
how old are your kids
great . just working on my art and feeding my pets . what about you ?
i need to keep away from sweets i'm getting married soon
how come ? robots taking up your time ?
lol , we can maybe make money by reviewing books
are you through chatting because my mother is calling
hello , meat eater , country music , football , hunting and own a huge truck . you ?
screaming kid , and my roommates arguing
maybe we can going fishing and i can cook for you .
i was a foster child but my life is good !
is it the same job ? or a new one ?
that's awesome ! so what do you do for work
very cool job . . . . i work in a supermarket
you sound mysterious . what else do you do with your time ?
yes . i edit research papers for my school . i want to work in journalism one day .
no doubt . i want to start a business there
how about anything with lamb ?
i have just been relaxing and listening to music tonight . any favorite musicians ?
yep , totally . what brings you on the chat tonight ?
good . do not go into law . it is horrible
i like flowers and so does my partner .
sorry to hear that , hope you feel better .
the only sport i enjoy is arm wrestling , ha ! i create maps . paint in free time .
i have a huge husky it is sweet
i love jill scott and bob marley . you ?
care for some green eggs with your ham ?
i enjoy going to the symphony every now and again
mine is blue . do you have a favorite color
hello how are you today ?
do they know you party ? i think movies are calmer than that .
i want cold . we have no season here
going to grill this salmon on my george foreman grill . hate fast food
we med in med school . i guess it is kind of funny .
i like christmas too . its a good time to read by the beach .
you know , i have never seen snow
why do you day that ?
i make chicken nuggets sometimes when i cook . i'm a nurse . any other hobbies ?
anything on the law of attraction . i deeply believe karma is a real force in our universe .
his work as a college professor or did he do research ?
which state is your favorite ? i have lived in many .
nice ! well , for a career i'm actually a party planner . on the side i'm a comedian .
i don't . i'm single .
ouch . so do you have any hobbies ? do you work ?
i took a couple culinary classes at stanford but i'm not too good
in my spare time , i like to write about parents relationships
i like flowers . i work at merrill lynch in beverly hills . i can walk to work .
nice i just got off my shift at mcdonalds .
i work at the ibm office in chicago
i'm alright , i love my ohio farm
what ya want to know ?
how nice . i'm an interior designer . what do you do on your freetime
somedays , just 8 hours of sleep doesn't feel like enough .
i'm trying to save to buy my first car
ll i can't , a friend got me a car before .
good evening , how are you ?
yes , that's why i try to save as much money as i can
start small . don't over water . or give to much sun
she's an interesting soul . there are many characters like her in games i play .
really , what kind of cult is she in ?
i m good how are you ?
no , i'm a beginner .
yes , that's fine . i will not hunt you .
its good thanks for asking
what happen ? is it the nice weather ?
sick sick same rt fave what about traveling
no , what is that show about ?
i can sit on the couch all day and like it
no , dingy and ding are pronounced differently but spelled the same .
drawing is cool but i prefer the guitar
sounds interesting . i enjoy spending time on the beach and enjoy reading books .
mario kart eight i am the youngest of my family
having two feet sure is nice
that's cool . i have two dogs . i don't like mice though
hot wings would be so good right about now
oh hi there , how are you ?
she loves to grow plants in her garden , and we just love sitting out there
kids movies , i hate kids
me president , maga ! ! , wheres ivana , put it on a chart
sick name . i am more into classic rock . the stones are my favorite .
do you have a favorite food ? why did she stop caring ?
not much of reader but i heard those authors were good .
wow , but you still need to turn yourself in . murder wasn't the answer .
that's cool . do you listen to rock music ?
do you like crime novels , i love them
i make hot dogs for a living .
oh , i love working on semi trucks . you have any pets ?
that's close to my name
well growing up an orphan i didn't get my attention so that's why i do it .
i wanna go to the city one day , never been
i love cupcakes , sometimes i eat just a few too many haha
we rescue them . some have special needs or are not adoptable because they can bite
hello ! i work at a beer distillery !
right ? ! ? i like to watch superhero themed movies and television shows on my iphone though .
you should get a green pair . green is my favorite color .
i love anime and gaming when i am really snowed in
i am a student , always on the books , you ?
have a band when i am not working . teacher huh ? cool .
really ? never heard of it . do explain
i've still not seen that movie . if i had kids i probably would have
sounds practical . i buy cars too with my huge income as a doctor .
i live in the country its peaceful here
yes it is ! check them out you wo not be sorry
you are an out of this world type
i suppose so . what are your hobbies ?
music i like and wish you could be sleeping well
who is your favorite singer ?
cool . so what is your favorite show ?
no , its not that type of restaurant . i'll send you what i wrote about it
yeah i need to get away from all these cows
hey how are you ?
i'd love it have always wished i could play
i am from the usa i love sleep
that sounds interesting . i like to read
cool ! i like water to . snorkeling is my favorite .
your whole life ? you never had hot dog ?
awesome ! tell me about yourself
then go see the buildings i say
i feel you , are you single
i wasn't much of a foodie when i was pregnant , but i am now .
yes so is rap for me . believe it or not
oh my , i want to meet him . i'd cry .
i do , this is next year when i am in college . not in college yet lol
awesome how far is it ? i have done 5 k s in the past .
i am in construction . i will be starting a new project next week . you
i think you should try a grasshopper now . be brave !
so not too different ! my father used to be a policeman .
a cashtress nice haha that's silly
that sounds interesting . can you tell the time on it ?
they are where steak comes from
that's fun ! my grandpa was just over last night . he was in the war
www , i am sorry . i missed my cats . when i came back , my 4 turned into 23 !
i am good , thank you . so , tell me about yourself !
i've not decided on a menu yet , but we are going to be in paris .
i like to create game websites and estate websites
i certainly can i will even throw in a coors its my favorite beer
i am glad to hear you had support . i just sleep away my problems .
oh really ? there are some great places to participate in horseback riding there !
i blog about the youtube videos
not really i like being home doing nothing , it is awesome !
i am from colorado . love it here in summer for hiking its my favorite
i love reading fantasy novels , magic rules
i don't work my husband takes care of everything
i am really shy , it is hard for me to play online games with others sometimes
no gros here either but i do eat some meat that's grass fed .
they don't get i dyed my hair purple for cancer
what do you like to do besides baking ?
that good need some body to do that too you should be pride
that's a lot of money , what do you spend it on ?
that's about all you really need to know
hi , i like short work days .
i love music . do you like to sing ?
do you work ? have any hobbies ?
i here tennessee has some good cheap property
oh , that'sn't good . do you have a lot of friends ? i do .
dude , that's like a totally cool way to be man
that's way too fast for me .
a pilot , really ? that's cool . i'm a barista at my local coffee shop
sort of a light jazz .
tell them to leave you alone
all good , kinda overrated . i'm 21 and broke with a tiny apartment
mine is a boring white . i ca
i've many animals . i'm an animal enthusiast . i don't watch tv though
hi how are you today
you have close friends to share with ?
hello ! i'm doing well , yourself ?
that's cool . i love mountain climbing so its sorta the same . being up so high
its alright do you wear glasses
i'm too busy studying arabic english and french
you can milk anything with nipples
mixed so tired of brown hair i like red
friends say its because i'm so religious and different .
i love adventure games . do you have any pets ? i've two turtles .
great ! i just got cleaned up after playing a couple hours of tennis
i do not quite understand but is a color i like to wear .
i'm an only child . my family is my husband , who i married in 2016 .
i do not have any siblings but i've lots of friends . what do you do ?
i'm not doing well , my husband passed away a few months ago
hi i'm doing great how are you
well that is a tough call abandonment vs cancer spouse both very sad .
mine certainly does . i love them .
yes , of course . he's one of my favorite actor .
i agree , i love fish but nothing beats a good burger lol !
your parents sound great . have they been split up for long ?
poodle , i don t know , i m not good with dogs
i just cook its my favorite thing to do . i even do it for a living
i'm good but so annoyed with my landlord
dogs are good animals and so friendly .
nothing wrong with that at all .
i'm good tired though . i'm pre law so i study alot
are you in the 9 5 grind ? sorry i don't understand .
good for you ! i'm athletic so junk food is off the table for me too !
my favorite song is blue suede shoes but i also like when he sings hymns
we have that in common do you like apples ? i'm allergic
take them to the beach . its where i kick butt at volleyball i'll do that later today .
mostly i just go to class
good ! i want to travel more , money issues though !
nice that sounds relaxing yeah
sure , what do you garden ?
i love books ! especially 50 shades of grey ahahah
yea kinda , i'm very limited on my options because i have two cats , milo an rio .
yes , its icecream , its my favorite !
do you like to shop ?
comic books can be worth a lot of money . maybe you could sell some ?
hello ! better then ever !
it is the best job ever .
guess what i love math
that's cool , do you like yoga . i practice for it everyday
i'm good you ? so are you an art lover ?
well that's cool cuz i'm an owl a night owl to be specific
cool , my dad was a good man who taught me right from wrong .
hello , i am fine , do you have any hobbies ?
hello how are you ?
hopefully by the end of the year
god bless you and your big extended furfamily !
i just love this planet
no , after quitting college i moved in with my boyfriend .
me either , i don't like fish , the taste makes me nauseous !
do you ever go out and meet people ? or have friends over ?
what type of music do you like ? i enjoy anything except country !
no , sorry . i like more classical . but stephen king is fun to read !
bob ross is awesome . i speak arabic , english , and french . do you like to travel ?
i sure do a cat , what about you ?
whats yoru favorite color eh ?
shopping helps too , but it gets expensive . fashion is intriguing for me .
thank you . that's nice of you to say .
someone who has a green thumb . i love reading books .
i appreciate it . is your mom alive ?
my sons like soccer . . . and football too . i like cards . do you ?
ll well that's interesting . you like dogs ? pugs are so loyal , i have one name biscuit
that would be great . i dream of owning a house and winning the lottery .
i just love the color green . its my favorite color
yeah i will see it eventually . where are you from ?
yes . of course . i'm an accountant .
the ocean is beautiful , nothing compares to it .
i'm a doctor , i work with the elderly .
oh ok . i've a disorder . severe anxiety .
ah , that is no fun . i'm more into fashion than numbers
its the student with the highest gpa in their class .
being that i don't live with anyone i could benefit from a pet .
hello . 37 , how about you ?
yes i did , she is in heaven , so in he name i donate blood
that is a beautiful state , very hilly and green .
i love red , reminds me of summer time
leaving about dream just i ! dream the living are you
hi there . tell me about yourself
hello i'm wonderful and you ?
hello , how are you doing today ?
i like girls but my parents don't know yet , sorry to tell you .
yea i hear you . i like to scream in the park when i'm playing ultimate sometimes
not too much . i'm not very busy this time of year .
queens get stuff handed to them . i work hard for everything i want .
they're and very loyal .
fast food is pretty bad
hello there ! how are you tonight ?
working on a translating job .
i would but i cannot walk so not sure how fun it will be with my chair
college is over rated but i love baking pies on weekends
i love candy then i've to run to burn it off
i like legs alot alot alot
no , i've been out , living in my toyota for a month .
i do at times haven't lately
harry potter , my three kids cannot get enough of it !
understandable . i prefer to exercise to relieve stress .
that is awesome . i used to love his movies !
i'm an art student , and i took a luck bath tonight . i should be okay .
it always a nice time old or not
who did you play ? do you like to hike ? i love it .
not as weird as my dragon ball z collection
i don't like going out very much . what do you do
how are you doing today ?
i bet you don't . who is your favorite ?
i do railroad work . i actually have to get going , thanks for talking , cya .
oh . trust me , you wo not regret listening ! its so great ! ! drake is amazing .
bro ! i love going to the beach , i meet all the fly honeys there .
cars are alright . i really love my 10 alpacas though .
i'm great how are you ?
i'm sorry . my cat is crazy . i want to quit my job and stay home with her
nice . i clean gutters out . i have to cut back at the archery center now though .
yes . i have a tattoo of rita hayworth . she's my crush .
london here . how very cool .
i'm teaching italian , that is my second language
i love going to grocery stores . does your grocery store ever play rock music ?
how are you doing today ?
that sounds relaxing is that what you do for a living ?
no , not much of a reader . i enjoy cooking though .
action movies . . it all depended on my mood . you ?
i wish you could find happiness another way . do you have any hobbies ?
i also like to run . it makes me feel like i can get away .
lets climb togther one day
thanks though . where are you from ?
i used to love rc cars ! i had so many . i am a journalist
me too . i am working on building another computer .
five . they like to hear me playing violin . do you like music ?
neither do i . i like board shorts and a nice pair of shades .
no not yet . still waiting to meet the right someone .
then that is just fine . as long as you are happy
i am 25 . i had my daughter at 18
do you remember if any smurfs cooked ? i cannot cook .
oh no . i only have cats
he kicks me and does not want me to tell my mother
hi ! how are you ?
why are you doing that silly
hello how are you tonight
how are you doing today ?
nope , it does not help that i don't like christmas much .
me too . green bay packers are life .
we may be ! what do you do for fun ?
but you probably don't understand what the movie means .
i need more hours to sleep
do you like shooting games , then ?
i sold my car , so i just bicycle everywhere
even the dark ? maybe you can add some happy music from the eighties !
it is always good to help people .
why is that huh huh ?
i used to be a liar
hey there i'm listening to my friend hey
always , do you watch tv ?
me too i totally understand
being tired is the worst ! my baby keeps me up most nights .
so you do lift , i was going to ask . where do you live ?
mostly social media and drinking hot chocolate
hey how are you today ?
do you enjoy dancing with the stars ?
just keep at it and hopefully you will get where you want to be .
maybe you could adopt one at the shelter .
that is sad . i'd watch them for you , but allergies make it hard .
hello . i work as a lawyer . what do you do ?
i really love classical music . especially when i smoke a joint
my wife can bake for me , and for the 2 kids
sarah . history is my favorite subject . yeara
hello . what is your biggest fear ?
i am doing good , trying to keep warm
yes , even at my age of 50
cool ! i'd love to swim in australia oceans .
i wish i had cute freckles i am just losing my hair going bald here lol
our cat begs constantly , she has such a bad habit for human food
hi . i've 2 daughters . i also am an english teacher .
yeah . it gets lonely since my boyfriend got deployed in the army .
the old ford mustang gts the original supercars
mmm sounds tasty ! i am just hanging out in my pjs . my favorite thing .
and , your reasoning for doing this is four mountain dews . very interesting .
yeah . dreaming , sigh . now it is the pta and book clubs , four of them .
hello . how are you today ?
at a store ; we sell movies , like my favourite django unchained . what do you do for fun ?
i am a female , but sometimes am referred to as a man .
i love things from imagine dragons do you have any collectables ?
i am very well , just applying for jobs
ok . well we will chat soon ! ! gonna have to go .
i work in a factory
hopefully it isn't a far way to ride .
i really like chocolate candy
i enjoy running . i compete in a marathon at least once a year .
i'm 55 , and i can walk crazy fast . you ever like to live dangerously ?
most of the time i spend is with my dog , he's my best friend
oh my god ! these kids are driving me insane !
whoa scary ! did you hang your clothes out to try while camping ?
is there a reason why jazz is your favorite ? do you like other genres ?
you there ? oh okay . no pets . you like to draw people ? i do .
yes i drive around all the time
if i had a real dragon , i would totally train it . would you ?
maybe speckles just wants a sweater of their own . no knitting but i like to cook .
that is cool . i love mountain climbing so its sorta the same . being up so high
nope , i just read on my free time
i have a jesus cross in my truck
be careful . my fiance had a bad experience . anyhow , i love the color green .
i'm a big foodie , i love to bake . how about you ?
yeah winter is coming soon . its gonna be really cold .
did you read comics back in the day ?
labor work , very energy demanding
anything with good music because i love all kinds of music
same here but i been taking some class
hi how are you today
i've a house on a farm i've many .
i got married in america but i am from spain
no , pets aren't my thing , especially snakes . bugs are compatible however .
that is a funny name for a dog , where did you get that idea ?
does he have any tattoos yet ? i've two .
my dream is more plebian i want to own a restaurant
oh no . do you have power ? my friend put out an sos , she needs chainsaws .
have you seen face off ? it airs on syfy . it is a fun one .
i work like 5 days a week never worked on the weekend
their very empathetic to our needs or so i've read . . .
i don't . i take the bus , as i live in the city .
good morning ! i am enjoying a good cup of creamy coffee you ?
nah , i don't know enough to analyze you yet .
stan lee i mean . i auditioned for mary jane in one of those movies .
good . i am takeing a break from shooting hoops all afternoon
i love the rain . its very relaxing . always makes me late for work !
but all i wanted to be really is have my own band
i sing about anything , i love it !
that's for sure . do you have time for hobbies ?
yes it is ! check them out you wo not be sorry
hmm if you set your mind to something you'll achieve anything you want
i live in chicago where do you live ?
i do ! i am very outdoorsy and saving the earth is my passion .
i am well how are you doing ?
sounds great going pretty great just came from walking my dog
hello , i am fine . how are you ?
do you like music ? i grew up with jazz and love it .
i am not understanding your question .
good morning ! i am baking for a contest right now !
i can be if you are not careful .
it is , but i am sure your lie is busy too
mostly i like to take care of my horse . her name is beauty .
i like listening to rap in my firetruck
i wasn't joking . . . i saw him while my mom was working at the store !
that sounds nice . i like to paint pictures .
i am a bit envious . i never work out as much as i should
wow , i do not really like chocolate
not as much as people think , but it can get pretty rainy .
he's a baseball player , very good too .
me too . but not as much as biking
ll i don't have that kind of money . i'm a backwoods mother of two
never been on a train before ! did you go to college after high school ?
i can bake you a cake for your birthday
cool i love food . i'm overweight a bit but healthy
i want to live forever help me smarty
no i'm a single man at college . heck yeah .
nice . read any good books lately ?
hi ! i'm aiden ! who are you ?
no i work in the office too much
wow , i should try meditating when i feel stressed . any suggestions ?
i prefer classical but listen to all kinds
oh sure my mom will love my black leather boots , hair , and jammin to metal !
i'm doing good looking for things i can do online and make money
that's pretty scary . where are you from ?
finally i escaped being a cook went to school .
yaa . . a lot . . i love to go into nature
can you sing ? you can join me
mostly flowers . keeps me busy since my husband past .
you sound like a super cool person !
what are your hobbies you like to do ?
happy belated birthday ! i remember that year fondly . ; . i'm more than double that , but whos counting ? !
i also walk about 2 miles a day between my 3 jobs
you have to love the instrument to become good at it , do you agree ?
i do yes , do you ?
it has been great , how about you
awesome ! its sometimes hard to find vegan substitutes , but i think its worth it .
hmmmm . . . well , you oughta give them a try . something small and hidden .
i'm studying to be a teacher . special education . i love twinkies !
of course it should ! i work in a factory . you ?
that is good what else do you do besides writing books ?
very nice . what did you do ?
my dad is a farmer and my mom a housewife . pretty awesome parents too .
that sounds so interesting . i do custom upholstery .
that must make the store less expensive . i go to concerts and dance
fashion ! i love fashion ! diamonds , diamonds , diamonds !
interview me , what state are you from ? i ve never been to the west coast
wow , can you play a musical instrument ?
no kids ? a peaceful life ! my folks are split up . are yours ?
if it isn't apple then it sucks
hey , how is it going tonight
i should try it out , its a iphone app
yes , shopping and visiting my parents in japan
true true , did i mention my twins ? they are exhausting
i love to cook but hate going shopping for the stuff . awesome job
all jokes aside . it really is . if you order even once a month , it is worth it .
cool . cities are great , i prefer the beach .
hi , how are you doing today ?
i m home all guys are usually go to the garden to work
no i have my own house
i wanted it all ! i became a minimalist and am now president .
got to admit , have never tried that combo
i love social media and animals .
wow , me too , just afraid people would think i was crazy for saying so
i'd love to ! let me know the date .
no i did not yet
me too ! i love taking drives down the country side .
i'm basically a violinist , so i do not think about it .
where are you from ? i'm an olympian from russia .
wow they must love you
oh , really ? what do you grow ?
cool ! i love staring at clouds . flying must be even better !
what do you like ? i enjoy antiques and victorian things , so i opened an antiques store !
hello , i have a hike to attend in a few , how are you ?
veterinarians take care of road kill ever day , i could have helped
that is impressive ! i have 2 sons that keep me very busy !
do you play for friends family only or concerts as well ?
i like staying home , i get awkward in public .
that is a good way to put it .
i love reading too . . wars ur favorite ? ?
she is a professor of environmental science , and great at it too ! where are you from ?
sorry to hear that . animals are good for the soul .
studying is a lot of work . i usually have to stay up late
habits of a librarian , lol . cats too .
hi how are you ? i was just reading .
i'm from chicago , where you from
no thanks , i have to tend to my plants .
kinda , i been in the game since i was four .
i use my computer to work from home
good choice . i have not figured out what i want to do yet .
i used to love fishing , until an alligator nearly ripped my arm off .
right on ! guess i should be working on that .
i need to get my dogs together .
do you have a family ?
bars or in an athletic capacity ?
yeah they are all right i have not been to a lot
yea he does . and that's great you dance . dance over here and help me with my car
hello , what are you up to today ?
hi , jackson here , i like being free .
that's so great . you help so many people .
oh , i am a general of the oris army .
i study biology and i work as a barista as a coffee shop to pay for school
yes i take my cat to the retirement home on the weekends
i love wood landscapers and unkissed lakes . my family hikes because its free .
that's good what kinds of foods do you like to eat ?
my dad is a retired nyc police officer , so blue for him
i am 53 , so everyone in my family is taller than i am .
no i had to learn in school , my mother would drop me off before nursing
i bet they will enjoy that . i like to surprise my students with new weirdo hairdos .
good morning ! my day is great ! do you like the beach ? i enjoy the desert myself .
ah , well music is still nice .
i love to take my dog to the lake and people watch
yeah , i've been saving for a new once since i dropped out of college .
wow yeah i love his work so your whole family writes
yes this is very true
nice to meet you too . . where are you from
that's nice , good luck to you
we nis the next 1 ? i wanna nowhat is your universe like ? let me know
hi ! what have you been doing lately ?
oh nice ! i am more of an outdoors guy . i actually shot a lion once !
2 was my favorite . i repair computers .
wow , a long way from home . what brought you to california
i've skied , i love traveling , i usually drive my car place cause i love driving it .
don't tell me what to do . its my world . you are just living in it .
i used to play outdoors in my cape a lot . pretending we were superheros , ll
cool ! will you be my friend ? i like running to keep fit and you ?
i wonder if i go to school with him ? is he part of the nutrition club ?
i am basically 22 and recently started eating indian food .
well i hear that what do you like to eat ?
that's great . no need to hide that
i don't know what my favorite food is , los angeles has so much variety . .
are you a liberal or a conservative ?
kpop is the only music that gets me in the mood to go clubbing .
what kind of pasta specifically
hi ! i just finished teaching my yoga class . what are you up to ?
dude , black mirror is great .
i love it ! there is nothing better than listening to country music with my clown bros
sweet , i recently just got out of highschool and work on farm
i'm getting a degree in health science , food and water are important to me .
real effective not real enjoyable though
oh i've never been on a unicycle . my wife of 6 years would laugh so hard
i'm good . just got done with my class .
i love baked goods . i m a youtube video moderator
just wherever my disney movies or books take me . i'm trying to save money .
i can relate , jogging is the one thing that help me
i love to work out and my body is so tone !
that must have been an exciting life
basically , all i need to do now is adopt a dog and i'm set .
no i live in new york . where do you live ?
i forget who that was . i think she wore a purple dress . i liked sonya .
do you like music ? like story so far the band ?
what do you do for a living ?
that sounds so lovely . i love concerts , though usually the symphony .
that's cool i take pictures of my cat with mine
never ate that . are you athletic ? i am not right now since i am pregnant with twins !
hey how are you doing today ?
ew . spiders are the worst . i am terrified of them .
that's nice that you can live that close to your best friend
i am at university of michigan right now
that's great . do you use facebook or pinterest ?
i wish . although i think my grandparents enjoyed the 70s free love a lot .
i was there two weeks , and then had to quit . i am moving to florida soon .
i'll do that . thank you .
the bud was my best friend in college
i prefer reading to a lot of things . especially sports .
my day job takes all my time , so fast food works well for me
i like to do experiments and cook
if you were rich you wouldn't be saying this .
there you go . then we could match . i love wearing purple . we would be intergalactic .
how many years of study does it take to become a bug doctor ?
well it is never late , , excessive is the best medicine
i have an iphone and enjoy it
nice . i have a piebald cat and 3 dogs . why sundays
yes , that's why i farm instead of driver big rig now
i plan parties and my father was a communist . you adopted ?
i am good , just relaxing at home with my dog and cat
gotcha . anyone in your family play sports ? we are a little league family .
nothing really i make loads on being an international catfish
that's awesome . i am currently living in my imported car near los angeles
i see . do you like farms ?
do listen to wayne and eminem ?
i live in a little house to save
i disagree . my parents practice law and i have dealt with enough .
good morning how is it going
hi , how are you this lovely fall day ?
oh nice , what kind of work do you do ?
oh that sounds good ! i love meat , especially raw meat .
i would rather be a bird .
a vacation where i could write would be great too . it is how i make a living .
how are you doing today
yea football . but i'm not good at it
i'm talking about usa national parks , which model of honda .
hi jane , i'm sarah ! i've never been to chicago , i'm from florida .
that is awesome my husband and i'd love to go there when our twins are older
i try i like video games and race cars
are you a receptionist ? lol . i'm okay , tired . just made a batch of beer
drive a truck cross country .
i love the beach , and i love catching crabs there . they taste so good dipped in butter
ha ha me too . its a lot of commitment so i've to really think about it .
ah okay , i love to sing when i'm in the shower
i actually like being alone sometimes .
i love meatloaf i'd eat it everyday no problem
i'm doing great and how about you ?
i'm trying but it is hard
yeah my strength makes me a big help at the dog shelter
whats going on with you tonight ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i'm doing good . just cooking dinner . love cooking
but its fine . i stil have my cats lol
i am well my personal trainer is crazy lol
yes with my husband and our small dogs
i can be that way too . but you have to think with your head not your heart
it sucks so bad . i am working at mcdonald and cannot afford my own car .
that would be awesome ! i wish they would make ovo vegetarian based country songs
i just take personal days from work to have off .
wow you should try mexico . it is very beautiful .
i just got back from a run
same age as me , but she doesn't know i am in love with her .
laughing out loud now , it is a secret . my dof allie will get mad at me .
i watch 16 candles ever day
i wish you luck ! foo fighters concerts are the perfect meet up spot
i just spilled my spaghetti in my new chevy . i love spaghetti .
sorry , i hate to talk about my parents , i do not like them
it pays the bills ! how about you ?
i am doing good . i am just getting ready for work .
my wife mostly , she makes the best pasta .
no , just a big group of friends who love to have fun ! the music was awful though .
i am a woman . they call me the cat lady because i breed maine coons and show them
she is quite beautiful . i do not like her style though
haha its quite a handful i've indeed
i would have to go with green
canada obviously . i just told you
my brother wants to do those , he has all these plans for them .
she sounds like a pretty woman , and i love that movie !
are real tree hugger are you ? me too
oh how cool ! the horses are gorgeous . i love animals . i've seen the easter bunny !
i've been reading since i was three . that sounds interesting .
thank you . i love to lie in the night and look at the stars , do you ?
what do you like ? i enjoy antiques and victorian things , so i opened an antiques store !
so what else are you into ?
oh man , i miss my guitar .
hello , do you like insurance salesman ?
last night i even dreamed i was surfing and a giant blockchain pulled me under .
i hope your area gets rain soon . if not head to seattle
life your live . down with the patriarchy
www that is very sweet of you
i was shocked and i cannot stop thing what i wronged her .
its better than nothing . my brother is couch surfing at my house right now jobless
yes it is , whats up ?
hey there , how are you doing ?
that's awesome ! i don't travel ever since i got in a car accident and lost my arm
and i don't like fighting with anyone .
i'm good getting ready to volunteer
yes , totally agree with you . i think the world gets bored as well .
hi , how are you today
well , aside from reading true crime books , i'm too busy studying .
hi how are you doing ?
look at that , baby . i will buy you a hat .
hi . good . i was thinking of going swimming to night . how about you ?
as long as there are no flowers i don't like them
i didn't like it . but i still read three books every week . any hobbies ?
i draw my own tattoos .
google is the company that i go to . how about you ?
i love fried iguana . you talk your family ? i don't .
hi there . whats going on ?
i have , its pretty good and i'm a huge pizza fan
i love the vancouver grizzlies
my brother does too , especially since our parents moved to florida recently
yes exactly , that was a great movie
i am doing great . just playing with my cat . what are you doing ?
i've over 200 . how many times have u done that ?
sounds yummy ! i am about to draw some pictures of my cats tonight .
what industry are you and your family into
would be if i lived in a train , but i live in a van by the river
i work with the public still . i can not wait to retire .
i am not a big fan of tattoo
not really , i just have naturally long legs and fingers .
good , i was working in the garden earlier
i live in california .
draw me a shark sometime and that a good talent
maybe . it tastes good . or well . bread
hi how are you today ?
i do not like it much either
well that is not me sorry
good morning ! how are you today ?
hi ! doing well . how about you ?
that is an odd job to have . do you live in a very sports aware city ?
sounds relaxing . i am going on a cruise in a month . hoping to relax there
have you set a date yet ?
the vikings , how about your favorite team ?
that's so cool . i love to draw things as well
do you see skunks in the forest ? i have a pet one .
what do you study and draw ? i have 2 daughters that study now .
doing good . enjoying the wide open space of my land .
good question . . . i like surfing diamond head and watching the sunrise .
i love to read books lots of books
i live in austin in the great state of texas .
i make about 30k a year enough to pay my bills . what about you ?
i'm sure there are some that do . just maybe to shy to say .
sure would be , but i'm there only during the day
i'd still buy to help you get richer , never too much money
i'm great today . such a nice day
hate it . especially to animals . do you have pets ?
telling you cause this new tv i bought oh my and no
are you talking a wedding soon ? i want to go to bride fest next week
that's sad but hey i can be like a brother . we can binge watch comedy shows .
i love swimming , yes i'm married and have kids . i farm .
me too , maybe you should come !
yes they are sure special little devices
dostoevsky is wonderful ! are you married ?
i get ink stains on all my clothes ugh
hectic haha , she's definitely a handful , and yes
maybe , i am in the process of learning sign language .
no they are into good old fashioned cooking meat and potatoes
yes i am . high school special ed inclusion
that is cool . i never met my father , he left when i was a baby .
i like cinderella the best
how are you on this fine , fine day ?
o yes he is a great artist !
hello , how are you tonight ? do you believe animals are people ?
i like the story so far .
i usually just pray to the convertible gods of my church , then go for a ride !
doing some more work on my farm . my chickens laid the most colorful eggs today !
i have no idea what she looks like . my glasses are perpetually dirty .
i think all parents feel that way at one point .
thanks , bye , take care and have fun ! !
while we are on favourites , my favourite food is ice cream and cookies
what else do you enjoy ?
drinking at the bar with me peeps .
education , my goal is to be a kindergarten teacher .
easy there , robot man !
yeah , i'm pretty basic
sounds amazing . i work for ibm out in illinois .
that's what my youngest child loves too .
cool , do you get free samples ?
i've amphibians . do you have an xbox ?
u like women too ? did not know that
i enjoy traveling as well . do you have a favorite color ?
hi how are you doing ?
do you travel ? i did an around the world cruise once .
hi ! how was your weekend ?
www , c amon . you wo not have any freetime afterwards ?
wishing my boyfriend would get a job . hello how are you today ?
that's cool . i bowl all the time , i've bowled a 300 twice .
cool ! i'm from mexico . what do you do for a living ?
my girlfriend only eats organic too . she even tries to feed our cat it
i've no animals , i'm in a bad relationship
then you would love the cruise !
oh ok . . . i love shark week !
all pit bulls and they are so cute
hello , how are you doing ?
i play a lot of games with my 10 nieces and nephews . keeps me busy .
depends on the week i stay up late a lot of work
well , i enjoy dancing salsa , so i'm thinking mediterranean
well we have to learn lol
whats your favorite show to watch ?
that is too bad it helps me relax after my boring job
sorry for the typo . i'm watching my favorite show game of thrones .
hello there ! is this thing on ?
not yet , but we have been together for 7 years .
i'm great how are you
i'm in ga as well . my parents came over from europe
do you work near where you hike ?
me too
i'm from england , oxford to be exact
mainly beets because i love them
hi nothing much just got done playing my guitar
yea i did . i caught it after my tennis match today
i'm a professional soccer player . pizza is my favorite food for any meal
yep . and we have a beautiful 3 year old daughter . you ?
i love fish , from salmon to tuna
i love pistachio ice cream . ever had it ?
haha ! i m getting ready to watch tmz , gotta keep up with celeb gossip
i'm not sure but i didn't finish high school .
one day i hope to climb mount everest .
i like r b as well . what are you favorite foods ?
i like that one also both of these i read in grade school .
i cannot hang with you then . i'm straight up og .
he whats up my name is sasha , nice too meet you
i have two siblings , a half brother and a brother . what do you do for fun ?
i do karaoke on fridays that is as close as i get to singing .
wow ! busy you . i write books in english . soon i will be rich .
are you married ? do you have kids ?
you make a lot of money ?
we were playing basketball when it went out . scary !
time for an upgrade . ahahah . i'm pretty strong , i could take a look for you
i love dogs . i remember once seeing a cosplay dog that was so cute .
i play it in my freetime . i'm an aspiring singer so hoping to become famous
hi there , how are you ?
there you go ! i used to have three cats at one point
i'm doing good . i'm back from riding my horse .
i'm a strange modern hippie with purple hair and very tall . how about you ?
absolutely ! can you sing to me now ?
wow . volleyball is my only sport . i want to do nails and hair .
i like volunteering , and making my own clothes ! do you have any ?
no , not really . do you have any siblings ?
also , if i go to live in the dorms , i'dn't have to commute .
wow you are getting more out of life then i'm . i just have hobbies
hey ! its going pretty good , just a normal , mundane day . how about you ?
what do you do for a living ? you work in a print shop ?
i don't do much . i just try to enjoy living .
i used to not too much now how about you ?
hello . do you like to read ? i do .
oh seven whole years old ? you are almost a man now !
i have never had a truck , personally , i have no use for one in the city
i'm doing good ! what is your father ?
oh for sure . that's a fact !
thanks . tell me about you ?
ok , cool , do you have any children
what kind of job are you looking for
a short time ago i had an intimate noon meal with will ferrell
hunting , target practice and golf are fun but being a poet pays the bills .
yes , i actually am going to my high school homecoming and am getting my hair done .
i like watching television when i have free time .
yeah ? why do you love fall ?
i'm great , any fun plans for this afternoon ?
hello . it is nice to talk to someone this evening .
i love then and they love me ! that's why i want to be a vet .
i'm good do you eat
definately ! ! i have seen my share and would love to know who they are
what other things do you enjoy doing in your free time , dave ?
27 . . i hate raising them to be slaughtered though . i don't even eat meat
i'm doing good . just cooking dinner . love cooking
oh cool , what do you study ?
a 2016 dodge caravan haha
good evening . how are you ? i'm beat from baking and cooking .
i think so what about you
that's cool . my pops worked for ge and did roofing in his spare time
i'm not sure about acting , but i cannot sing to save my life !
driving is cool but i like running .
yeah , it certainly has grown . i prefer live theater .
that's great . where are you from ?
i took off from work already too for it . how was your day
i would probably be a famous tennis player , like my mom . if i could .
hi there how are you doing today ?
i teach at a high school since graduating college .
i'm weird i like pineapple and ham on mine . pepperoni sometimes
sometimes i watch them while i jog in the woods .
yes , i like to go up high , set my mind on things above
japanese food is my all time favorite . and you ?
i'm doing great ! just finished an exciting day .
i like in oklahoma but orig i'm from tennessee
what do you like to eat
yes i play on our senior team for my high school
aw kids , 1 day i'll have some . not ready .
i'm from washington dc , what about you ?
hello
i route for the greenway packers because my favorite color is green
music therapy since i love dancing so much , it made sense .
you should read to distract yourself
my skin is brown colored what is yours
great ! i hat two cats . john and wayne are their names .
i am in newyork . we went to a picnic today . . whether was good this morning
what is that ? i love cheese , especially goat cheese !
have you tried dancing i love zumba it works wonders for me
that's cool . no , i moved out . my dad was a mechanic . . . you like music ?
no . i'll review you .
ooh , my parents don't always have time for vacation . mom does telecommunications , dad works with cars
my job is as a librarian , it is boring , i hate it
i understand that . i just got back from playing piano at my fathers funeral .
my oldest is 14 and the other is 12 .
i imagine if you had an accident going to fast that would probably be easy to do .
i really don't know i was adopted
i listen to the radio in my truck . mostly country . my dog likes beethoven . a little joke .
my sister is becoming my mother . i am really confused .
it can be kind of funny sometimes , kind of concerning other times .
how awesome . i bet the pizza there's amazing .
yea i am pretty sure they're junna take it all the way this year
i work at a coffee shop to make money .
no , i mainly ride by bike or take the bart .
i'm good just sitting at home with my parents
something very bad . are you married ?
hi ! michigan state tropper here ! how are you ?
i have always wondered what kids would taste like . have you ?
i'm enjoying some alone time myself today .
hey how are you doing ?
i'm doing well , and yourself ?
did you enjoy it when you did ?
that is great but i do not take beers as directed by my doctor .
no , i'm not married . how about you ?
try it some time you may like it .
what kind of car i have 2 dogs
yes , i really love the color of orange !
i do not get what you mean ?
but it is raining outside
it was until after a cat chased us ! we are both allergic ! scary ! ! !
yes we sure do
yessir . well i gotta go take care of my animals now so i will see ya later
cupertino , ca . probably why i'm so loyal to the iphone haha
i hang out at the computer lab most days . boring
i drive chevy trucks since i was a teenager
i start next week yo
i'm from la and i live at home . but hopefully i can dorm next year
i like the violin too . my mother sued lindsey once back in 1997 .
cool i love to go geocaching in my free time
i play as a metal musician . used to be a cable guy but upgraded life . haha
i try to be i'ma tax preparer and a jack of all trades per say
how many dogs do you have ?
are you female ? i'm getting the distinct impression you are a lady
cool cool and that s so great
my dad is as well , he works in the industry .
i'm from wherever i send you a postcard from . i travel a lot
i live in california , how about you ?
that's crazy , i'dn't be able to do that
it is never too late to learn
yes , greetings ! i listen to mozart , bach , and vivaldi , and i golf to their sonatas . .
i was up against a massive genius . no way i could have won .
hi wow i like comic books too . i don't collect them tho .
your favorite food cannot be spanish , that's a language .
i am just driving my black car right now , listening to some rap music
be fast . oh that's cool . i perform for a circus as a juggler
cool ! my husband liked to sleep too but we are divorced
i've to stick myself with needles to check blood sugar daily .
hello how are you
that's cool . drones are everywhere it seems .
that sounds really interesting ! what is your favorite dish to make ?
congrats ! i used to play for them in high school . i will ask their needs .
our dog is sick right now .
yes ! ! ! ! ! my black labrador loves pearl jam . she dances to it all the time !
i cannot wait until i am all grown up and can get out of this neighborhood
i watch kids for a living
holy crap . how did you know that
nice to meet you too ! if you lived closer i d offer you some free juice !
wow . any other pets or just cats ?
good , i am good . what do yo plan on eating for dinner ?
lol sounds good i think everyone does
i read so i don't know about that . and i've prius in my driveway . you ?
yeah i just got my degree in literature . i like green lantern
oh maybe you should help me and donate them .
going to work and listening to music
well , i love cats , so i am helping out at the sanctuary .
i lift . i lift heavy weights . violinist is for wussy ?
hey , do you want to take me to the movies ?
they have instructors some places you should go when you can its really fun
i am always down for a new tattoo . so you like cats ?
that sounds yummy ! pizzas my favorite too
hi linda , that's my sisters name .
not usually i listen to music my favorite is the beatles
that's a pretty color i like to ride horses as a hobby
haha the art scene is so great during the night
hello
nice ! i love learning about new cultures . i come from a native american heritage .
i know this is weird , but i love raw onion .
my favorite food is pizza
i m eating my second scoop of mint chocolate chip ice cream of the day !
hi ! have you ever broken a bone ? my arm broke once
hi there how are you ?
wow how do you get them
doing anything fun tonight ? i'm gonna go enjoy the weather and rollerblade .
just watching the history channel , favorite subject of mine .
it it not a great experience , let me tell you .
that is cool ! do you ever listen to music ?
hello , can you teach me the stock market ?
yesses , they were amazing , i also love the five heartbeats
are you a tailor ? my art is in makeup .
i guess so . it makes churches happy though , in that collection plate
i have an older sister .
thanks ! shrimp is a favorite staple of mine . so , whats your paper on ?
i'm great , finishing doing my celebrity impressions and now going to work
i love eating out . i do it at least three times a week .
that is a good way to handle it haha
oh okay . i sell mary kay to make extra money
what kind of music would you create ? i love the rolling stones .
i love music and have recently joined a jazz band , playing the saxophone .
wow you really meant it when you said nothing . anyway i have to go
ok bye
it has been a long time ! i have 2 kids .
stealing isn't nice . dust makes my allergies act up too sometimes
well yes . thank you . i love my black purse
i have a very different life surfing in california
i'm fine how are you ?
very cool i enjoy art
oh do you like sports ?
dang , i feel like i visited there once as a kid
i'm doing well . i just finished playing some video games with my sone
i spent thirty years in arizona teaching , now i garden and ride my horses
oh cool . do you have any hobbies ?
good afternoon , how are you today ?
battlefront is my current fave .
hi how is it going ?
i was encouraged to go into surgery because my marks were so high . money no problem
i work at del taco , it is a research department for french fries !
i would like to teach english . what is your favorite animal ?
i love the ocean . don't need shoes strolling the shore !
i work at starbucks serving coffee to people
he's so loyal he would like that
you don't got to me smart to homeless .
stealing is just not good to do . i might go for a hike today
yeah i wish it was still summer where do you live
a reading football player naturalist . just collected leaves today .
i love to travel and do a lot with family and friends . best way to spend time
i like to run . i stay busy taking care of my parents .
that is whats up . . . get it up , i am sorry that was a total dad joke lol
i am fine , i am about to go on a night hike
i've two cats and a dog .
wow . i listen to the beatles in my ford mustang on my way to work
it is ! my neighbor comes over on the weekends to watch when we cannot play .
hi ! do you have any weekend plans ?
i hope you had a good shift , i love my occupation .
distributor of beer ? my family is from greece that s why
i also do make up , as a mortician .
oh yes ! i season my pies with spices fresh from my garden !
my own . we got engaged in paris . . . but that was when i was still employed !
so far i've not !
me too i really like it so much
what made you decide to go vegan ?
my wife loves gucci ! you have good taste !
well it is a crime . just saying .
it is my favorite food . just like garfield
you think so , huh ? while that would be a change .
i live on ranch so we have a ton of pumpkins around this time .
traveling is great ! have you gone anywhere recently ?
hello i'm good and yourself ?
yes . i will drink my usual starbucks coffee .
that is amazing . i love nature .
i use to be but not much any more i'm some night
i'm off the grid . i use candles instead of electricity
i live in los angeles .
yes i spend all day on my cell instead of being motivated .
really ? do you like reading fantasy books as well ?
i'm much more of a chevy girl .
i feel you i did not birth any kids you ?
it is a real joy , teaching the young ones
nice ! i'm from the united kingdom . what are your hobbies ?
halloween is my favorite . and its so soon !
what do you do for work ? i'm a business owner
what kind of dancing ? were you in a show ? i love musicals .
it just is not right if it never was yours .
do you like to go to the beach
very nice . lots of cool points for you .
well , that'sn't good , and i do not think it is right
have a great day , tell your parents to stop in sometime !
since then i have learned 6 languages .
hi how are you today
yes i do , it is one of my favorite foods . how about you ?
my gym has a newly single program , you should check it out .
that's nice . i like to visit national parks
that sounds good right now . what kind ?
if he is short , i could probably beat him up .
how are you this evening ?
it is very interesting . whats your favorite color mine is green
hi , i'm the oldest of 6 kids , and am adopted
oh well that's . . . romantic .
that's horrible . what a life .
on the island where i live i love fishing
i want to be a doctor one day . how do you balance everything ?
i have 5 . i might have a problem .
oh ok . i hope to be teach 2nd grade soon
exercising on sundays is fun . i've romance novels to keep me busy
and having bart helps too , right ? whats your favorite color ?
going great . yours ? i've me some french fries from mcdonald . my favorite .
i love dogs . what is his name ? does he like metal ?
it is . do you have any tattoos ?
sweet ! what kind of songs do you sing ?
i live in the countryside . in arkansas
that's nice . goodbye
oh how i enjoy helping people . we volunteer most days .
i love to cook hope it does not disconnect
hello . how are you today ?
i mostly watch star trek and listen vv nation , my favorite band
i'm studying the effects of peanut allergies and how to overcome it .
i love my hair , its really long
what kind ? i hope to make it to the major leagues after graduating college .
thanks ! i sell avon to earn extra money , do you know their cosmetics ?
i live in ca . it is perfect here . we do not get seasons much though .
fantastic , about to head into work .
i love kids that's amazing , i'm a drummer in a band
read , read and then read . bookworm you could say .
hi . i'm not in the best mood
ok . i crochet to decorate my hearse too .
are you good at it ?
sorry to heard that , i've issues with cats
nice . . very dramatic . i bet they feel the need to scream into pillows sometimes too
i'm looking for a job making video games .
no , i used my toes
i do not like country , but enjoy pretty much any other kind of music .
everyone in this chat is from cali . . . . cornia . where in cali . . . fronnia ?
hi mary ellen ! would you like me to make you some coffee ?
the ones i've are nice . i've 10 of them .
i bet that you have a lot of fun with that job
yes me too and this is okay i've fun .
i normally do not like when people get close to me
is it as comical as how often i look at myself in the mirror ? sure !
no and what about you ?
did you grow up there ?
do it ! favorite foods ? i do not eat meats , or dairy .
boy and girl 23 and 15 . do you have pets ?
pie sounds good . maybe you could bake one for my book club .
i'm good , how about you ? anything interesting happen today ?
its a long process so i don't know when i'll earn my license
what else do you like to do ? i love to read .
good thing i'm in atlanta , over her i never miss any music fests !
not usually but maybe we will today
i'm now the president of a daycare and i absolutely love children !
run or swim . i like to keep my heart healthy
shopping . it is like my passion .
to asia . have you ever traveled other countries ?
very nice . relaxing and romantic .
hi , i'm getting married soon . are you married ?
i like strawberries too . i'm playing with my barbie dolls .
hello from argentina , how are you today ?
i think we should plan it .
this is not fun its nonsense
what do you like about being a vegan
hi how are you ? would you like to chat ?
great ! my snake name is jenny .
carefull cause i sneak razors into them cause my boss makes hits me if i don't
i've never tried to garden but my mom loves it .
i am on a diet and i like to hike as exercise .
well good luck with that lol glad i am done with school
that is really cool ! how often do you bike ?
lol . i wish i could . what else do you do in your spare time ?
i like the arts too . i am a pretty big radiohead fan . do you like any bands ?
well it is on now so i better get going . nice meeting you .
that sucks , i like the casino but i don't go often . i would rather save my money .
just playing in my band
i wish i had that time , i am a lawyer , even when i am off , i am not
what is the name of it ? i don't like the dark
can you smell me from there ?
that is sad to hear . when i am sad , i eat cheesecake .
tracy is the name of the cat , i only eat vegetables
that is such a wonderful thing . you are cheering me up
look , smarty pants . i am much too mature for you . what else do you wanna know ?
no , but my boyfriend plays call of duty .
you are talking too slow for me , do you have any pets ? i have a dog
i trained the japanese language in my tertiary schooling
how many dogs do you have ?
laguna beach . take a lot of ocean pics on my cell phone or and cat pics .
it is blue , what do you do for a living ?
hello are you married ? i'm but don't think for very much longer
i've read that book . do you like music ? i like the band korn
wow , i'm glad you know about apples .
no , graduated two years ago .
pizza ! i would eat it for every meal if i could .
hello . nervous , i try to stay near lakes where i enjoy going .
right , just keep trying i guess
i was on the local news once , but i didn't break the law . it was mundane
do you work on fish boats too ?
sure all of the time . most people have crazy tendencies
i love work on the farm too .
nice to meet you too . what do you do ?
not usually i listen to music my favorite is the beatles
just got back from the movies myself . wow .
i enjoy being by the water a lot . that or i'm watching cartoons or movies
i like any music except country mostly five finger death punch though
hey i'm good how are you
i've long red hair ! natural red head
as long as i've a cell signal . cannot sustain without my cell . sad really .
i agree music helps me write better i'm learning cursive at the moment
then same to you . have any interesting hobbies ?
nice . the closest that i have come to being an athlete was when i raced go carts .
i have two dogs . they are a mans best friend
new york would be a great place they have lots of shops .
hello , how is work going ?
i believe seventeen at last count .
don't like meat . do you have long hair ? i'm bald .
ironic you ask . i do . i'm a tarot reader .
hey there , how are you
it is hard when family does not understand .
no , thank you . i have a yoga class later , and a hike . want to come along ?
i'm following s diet , balanced
no . tell me something about yourself . i gave up smoking .
good , just opened my salon waiting for customers .
hi
that's awesome , what is your favorite food to professionally eat ?
hiya , i'm okay . how about you ?
pandas ? like the animal ? do you watch any tv ?
maybe along with that pie you can take a pic of my cat , love him .
hi i'm doing good how are you
that is all i wore in middle school as a tribute to kurt cobain
hi ! do you have any kids ?
that is cool . my occupation has been dwindling . i'm a lumberjack . people wann save trees
thank him for his service for me . do you have any siblings ?
i like all kinds of music , but am not very familiar with opera
i have an ariel atom . basically a street legal formula car .
oh wow , i bet . what does he look like ?
how are you ? i do the coolest stuff and i share on instagram .
yes its a 2017 corvette , i love it ! what kind of car do you have
yeah , you are right . i like animals
do you have a veggie garden , or flowers ?
what is your fav food ?
no i like to tinker with cars
we are all pretty close
that sounds yummy ! pizzas my favorite too
i sing 80s and earlier country and 80s rock .
hi how are you today ?
nyu . great restaurants around that area . good that they do not have mexican food .
another cat lover , awesome . we have to meet and have a drink soon .
hey how are you ? what do you like ?
sounds like fun . wish i did not have to go back to work tomorrow .
yes i've a rose tatoo
love the eagles too bro ! i tend to go out with my chevy tahoe to the bars
black is a good color do you like the hot weather i can not take it
no , i listen to a variety of podcasts .
child to test if i was afraid of big bird
probably better than school cafeteria food . people get excited for taco day . . .
hello ! how is your day going ?
hi there , i am okay . do you like animals ?
do you like technology ? i think the new things are awesome .
that is always nice . anywhere you would like to go visit ?
elements . arnt u glad they don't have to work in the cirkus anymore ?
tell her it is so worth it .
go alligators ! if you want to do something , you should go for it !
21 . that is hebron james number .
hello ! have you ever heard of radiohead ?
wild horses . my mom was a nurse and she would listen to it after work .
that is wassup
nice to meet ya sally ! i am sean and i am a student
no i just want to be rich !
yes , but do not have any . do you have any animals ?
i'm fine , thanks . i enjoy playing video games , what do you like to do ?
kids and dye and it got on me . lol i'm a recruiter for the navy
sounds like an intellectual family . i'm not sure i'd fit in
to open my own restaurant .
listen , your logic is absurd . i'd arm wrestle you if you were here .
i love shooting darts for fun
that is strange , lol . i prefer simple things like hot dogs and pepsi .
that is amazing ! i make customized items
love is love ! good luck with your business venture !
ac dc is awesome ! they have got so many great hits ! amazing how their fans vary in ages
i will bet you make a lot of money . i need more money .
oh i love vienna ! it is so beautiful there , amazing museums . i do not dance .
i plan weddings for a living
tired . had 6 surgeries in the trauma department today !
i'm well an single lol you ?
oh , do you play an instruments ?
school band is nice i'd go cheer you on .
computer engineering . have an internship starting later this year i'm very excited for .
aw you must have been so cute !
are you afraid of driving ? i just recently got divorced
i agree . another thing we can do to fix the world we live in .
gardening is the main reason i like summer so much ! what do you enjoy reading about ?
we had fried chicken we picked up and brought to our home .
about a year old . his beard matches mine haha .
cool i want hamburgers though
sorry to hear that ! i like festivals and music !
i am from florida . i hate the traffic here .
that's nice , i do like the drums also
i can jump so high that in one go i am straight out of the pool
nah i'd prefer to be the boss .
i do . we go for hikes and runs almost daily to my moms college .
tell me more about you
interesting . i just graduated with a degree in business . how long have you juggled ?
kiss a girl would be great .
hi , i m bored . i was going to go out on a date tonight but she cancelled
no i just do it at the local club here . so much fun .
that's fun , i was a navy brat i attended 16 schools in 12 years
cool ! what is it that made ya quit ?
nice ! i enjoy collecting figures of my favorite tv series
glad you have family ! i take formal lessons on saturdays , have since 5 years .
working but i enjoy just driving stickshift cars . you ?
is that hard for you ? i mean , the perfection ?
i did not think that was a real place . i'm a lawyer
its a large law firm in nyc near time square . you ?
the kind of fish will do as long as
you are a student ? did you get stuck on the first floor ?
yes , i feel removed from who i'm . how about you ?
ha ha . it appears so . definitely a small world for sure .
good . gearing up to go to work . you have any weekend plans ?
not really , not if you stick to the shallower , calm waters .
same here . the blue is almost worn off my favorite mug .
i make minimum wage . i sit in a little box all day . it stinks of gasoline .
oh . i'm babysitting . its my side hustle
is it a really expensive class ?
i'm well , just watching tv with bart . how are you ?
yeah but who doesn't listen to bruno mars ? ; actually i prefer christian rock
yes , that is a good one ! do you like old comedies ?
that will be nice . i want to do as much as i can while i'm young .
i've a best friend , she's a pilot like me .
i like jazz and you ?
no pets , my parents are over protective . do you have pets ?
hello ! hows it going ? hope you are doing well this evening !
do you like that or are you looking for better
my hair red but i want to dye it
opera is one of them .
got to go . nice to meet ya
i'd rather dance with my dog
me to i love to use red
i live in the us home of the best pizza in the universe
oh ? what kind of work do you do ?
hmmmm food sounds good right round now
i love music . i pretty much eat breakfast then go back to sleep
i love kids ! when i graduate , i will look for a kindergarten teaching job .
miguel . i think i told you already . what about you ?
i've never eaten candy
that is nice i just got back from driving my truck
hiking is good . i do not eat meat to keep myself healthy . do you ?
haha exactly . definitely want to skydive before i die . live life to the fullest
kansas . what kind of foods do you enjoy ? i don't like gmos .
very awesome . my wife and i try to go walking on the beach once a week .
i am in cali . . . have you ever been ?
cool , i just got my law degree , starting new job in a week
i have been trying to find new mats for my toyota on amazon
good morning how are you ?
i volunteer at the aspca , and i am in a coffee club . you ?
what do you do for a living ?
understood . i have a bit of ocd that makes it hard to do much outside of teaching
i want to get a bike . i'd like a pink one .
ya sometimes you have to let it go !
well you should read on your break
checkers too , but other than that i don't eat much fast food
awesome can i play with them i am 7
that's cool ? well it has been a pleasure talking with you
sorry . the worst part of my job is the ink stains i get on my shirt .
i have one kid . her name is ophelia .
my cats always call me , i have too many .
bieber duh lol how old are you ?
my pet snake makes me smile . do you guys have any kids ?
hey troy i'm christine , i'm in beauty pageants .
good to hear , i'm great thanks .
hello , just got off a shift at the punkrock club . whats your evening been like ?
i like eating the seeds those are tasty . i'm a vegan so i do not eat meat
i'm a full time student and a drummer in a band
i do not work so i need something to keep me out of trouble !
i'm in my 20s
i use gorilla glue on their eyelids .
i do not go there much i hope to one day be in a movie
mine is blue it is great
hello ! it is always nice to meet new people !
that is too bad i'm sorry for your loss
sports bar , bars , and more bars
i really like to dance
that sounds really super fancy
i've not spoken to my family in a long time .
www i'm sorry , yeah i know how that is , i've the family and my 4 dogs
loads of people love football . to each his own .
my mom was a bookkeeper for a small rv store .
coolio . i play this video game character online , pretty famous for it now .
they can be stubborn at times . where are you from
st louis blues . i will text you ! ! ! have fun at opera !
i love to hike , i also teach yoga classes
definitely . i live in detroit now .
yes i'm , i'm a trainer
no , i'm more brains than brawn . i hope to teach kinds someday .
oh yea ? i visit them sometimes
i'm in the us . it is a pair of knitting needles !
my hands hurt a lot afterwards
do you have any other kids ?
i really like nature . its good for foraging , which is good for cooking !
they're great . my mom and dad got it for me i still live with them
i love horses . i'd like to purchase an arabian when i'm a millionaire .
it affects my driving now , because of fear .
i'm drunk . i drink and buy too much stuff online often .
a baker . how about you ?
it is , but i'd rather stay in and read a good book
i will have to try that . i usually snack while studying . i love fruit and hummus
yeah but he is smart . i'm to forgetful to do it
no , no . not that famous yet .
how are you doing today ?
what kind of food i love chicken and rice .
well , i'm in colorado right now . i rode from my condo in denver up to aspen .
i love pizza it is my favorite . what do you do for fun
what kind of music do you like ?
i'm married . i'm 45 and my husband and i've been married 23 years .
well , i'm very shy and allergic to peanuts . it isn't a fun life .
can i've some ? i'm starving .
oh , yeah , super fast . but i put like twelve coats on there .
ha ! i remember those days .
so i even enjoy walking at night alone
what is your political orientation ?
maybe my wife wouldn't think i'm lazy if i took surf lessons
www , that is really cool . i always wanted to learn .
wow ! ! ! ! ! not many farms here in chicago . my mothers live on a farm though .
wow that sounds great what do you do ?
no , not at all . i was thinking about piano but just jumped on a plane instead .
sure , i'm a great player for them
ny . i like fighting . connor m is the best and my favorite .
me either i spend most of my time out in the wood cutting down trees .
i am from texas , but i've irish roots too . where are you from ?
no , it is just a hobby . what hobbies do you have ?
i do enjoy popcorn . but not in the rain . it gets soggy
why are you yelling at me ?
my vocation is in the drug business
why does it make you nervous
hey i am good how are you ?
that's nice . speaking of cooking , i am addicted to black coffee .
those are cute names , my last dog was sirius .
absolutely , my mom worked hard and raised me alone i always want to help those in need
laugh at what ? treasure your friends ! before they be blowing in the wind
exactly ! it looks like i've found a kindred spirit .
i am doing great . where did you grow up ?
it is off of a musical
free time is definitely limited while being in school .
you have close friends to share with ?
i love to cook . anything and everything . except tofu that's . you ?
i love to play them
cakes are good , too . my favorite is chocolate . but what about that actor dream ?
that's interesting . maybe you can come watch me cut down tree with my large ax !
sounds like it . i stay up very late at night studying .
whoa ! youre a twin ! ? do you ever trade girlfriends to see if they notice ?
i wish she would show me some mak up
i am old school i like donkey kong .
ha . interesting job . i am a boring truck driver . road just keeps going .
that's cool i try to ski every winter
really love music , listen to at certain time and feel the music
how many do you have ?
it is so hot today , i really do not like it . where do you live ?
my sister and i'd like to move there if we can .
wow that sounds great . i practice law , so much less cool !
they're virtual currency . very lucrative . i often dream of being eaten by my money .
building a custom couch this weekend
hi . a bit shy , but i wanted to say hello .
oh , that's fine i guess . want to go to the lake ?
its ok to be lame if you do not understand
oh really , she must be good , how long have you played ?
i am on my way to europe . when will you start your google job ?
there are some office scenes , what is your office , i will pass an idea on .
being a lumberjack will make you strong and attractive for the opposite sex .
do you make a lot of money doing that ?
do you have any other hobbies besides writing
it was ok . my parents are my real family . what else do you like to do ?
could you imagine her with red hair ?
hello , i am fine and just watering my garden .
how many wives do you have ?
i don't know what to say about it to be honest .
i specialize in original wedding cakes . do you have any hobbies ?
apple pie ? cookies ? what about macaroons ?
me too but i really like cheeseburgers
that sounds like it is really fun !
we are close in age . i've a girl who just finished getting her bsn .
oh that's very cool , can your parrot talk ?
i love playing slots too , so fun . i like making up stories and fantasizing .
hi , how are you doing today ?
those are good results . our family takes good care of our dogs .
i don't really know . la la la
that's a great choice . gambling can tear families apart
he travels the world with his band , but i'll stay here .
that's not good . what is your favorite food ?
i like playing minecraft most of my time .
i played bingo with my husband . i can relate . i have nasty in laws too !
what kind of job is it
hi , how are you today ?
that's nice how mant kids do you have
i love it , it is a thrill . i got a lion
that's great ! i hope you have a great day and i enjoyed chatting with you .
wow . i have a car so i do not walk much
oh that's very unique . what types of things do you refurbish ?
so much great food in cali , i love to eat really large meals
yea it can be , but i am very scared of heights so i would do roofing
i am at work right now , but i have some free time to chat .
i love playing basketball but my game needs work
what is your favorite food ?
i do not work enough which is sad because i am very smart .
i love keeping my hair long and average beards not too much of them on me .
you do the same
i agree this is not my favorite time of year . except for sports , i love fall sports .
i do not know how to apply
need some exercise . i love pancakes and syrup i eat them everyday !
dostoevsky is wonderful ! are you married ?
if americans are the first to colonize mars then yes there will be pizza .
i do actually . i'm getting my law degree
oh yeah how so ? i don't work , stay at home mom of two boys .
why would you want to do that ? i would rather stay at home and read .
a little . i mostly run track and i like to cook . what color is your hair ?
what is the biggest fish you caught ?
you keep saying that . you know i don't live there , right ?
yes but usually too busy . i eat vegan on the weekends and meat through the week .
yes it is . and those are the one measures my success
do you like smoothies ? meat eaters and vegetarians can bond over mutual smoothie love .
tennis now , she's probably pretty beat up about you dumping her .
yes learned at a young age , now i'm 33
i enjoy reading but also garden in my spare time .
working as a house keeper never around .
it might one of my many friends may have one to call
my chihuahua runs along with me when i ride . great for keeping the pounds off .
hello hope you are having a great day . i'm tired because i stayed up late
i love hot croissants and almond croissants .
i've never play that one .
i am doing well , i am going to a museum with my nieces and nephew tomorrow .
ah thank you ! what do you do for fun ?
do you paint or draw people when you do your artwork ?
not really my ten cats keep me busy
what kind of book club do you go to
they played at the local theater i gig before , even though i am from a small town
i am well . my collie is annoying me .
did you school for that ? i am widowed .
doing good and how are you ?
my wife who just lost her job in human resources cooks it in her free time
do you have any hobbies ?
hello there . i work at a fast food restaurant . what do you do for your job ?
i hate those kinds of doctors
i don't travel too often anymore since i stopped playing hockey , but i do dance .
what do you do for a living ?
why ? do you have self esteem issues ?
do you think willow bark would trap the smell of my farts or be airy ?
aching ! i just ran under 5 miles in the heat and i m hot tired cranky
i've not once kissed a woman . i win ! ll
great ! how about with you ?
ohh i revamp goodwill clothes and make them my own
chillin to van halen . wearing my purple jump suit . what you up to ?
i'm doing great might go for a run in a little while .
yesses , they were amazing , i also love the five heartbeats
cool . i've no patience when it comes to studies .
okla . do u have hobbies ? dancing for me and i played hockey long ago .
how are you , i want to buy a car
women are too much trouble yeah . i work for charity so no extra time
hi there i'm a mother of 3 wonderful children and i'm a elementary teacher
no , in the city . but i like that because i want to be a superhero some day
that is a good idea . i tend to enjoy being alone . relationships can be frustrating .
i like hiking it beats selling insurance oh wait i sell insurance
that is cool , do you enjoy driving your car ?
is it close to boston ?
so glad that i drive as i work 15 minutes from home .
how about a mustache ? is that okay
not really . i really don't have too many friends at all
how cute ! i will sing toto while i'm getting ready for the day too !
that is great i'm unemployed so i've time to write .
i'm heading to work but stopping to pick up a birthday gift for my husband .
do you like to read ? my favorite book is david copperfield .
hello how are you tonight
i'm currently an actress . . just working in a grocery store also lol
oh yes i do . it will help me be famous one day .
i'm sorry to hear that . good luck ! you are great to your kids i bet
what is your occupation and do you like what you do for a living ?
i'm fine and how you doing ,
hello , how are you today ?
i like dramatics . tragedy , comedy , shakespeare . i used to want to act .
right now , i'm sewing , and petting my cat . what about you ?
oh ! ! hmmm . . . i've not thought much of that . lol i'm guessing you do
do you have any pets ?
just relaxing at home while my employees do the work for me .
i've not but i need too . i mostly wing it
yes , i've a communication degree
i'm playing pool right now . i'm excellent at it .
i work on cars , favorite is a mustang . i also raise pits and chihuahuas .
i think he is sleepy to be honest
oh really ? that sounds fun . do you perform ?
he is 30 today ! we are traveling from denver to san diego to celebrate this weekend .
do you wanna be weird together ? i can paint you .
is horse training your day job ?
sweden , i recently moved here
yeah , i also don't enjoy social obligations . what do you like about nature ?
oh i enjoy drawing people
those are big . mom says i can next year . how old are you ?
that's nice ! i am closest with my mom we are great friends
good ! i am excited because i am planning a new trip
i'dn't like that at all . i don't like change .
lucky you . if it were not for my pets i'd go crazy .
hey there its almost winter how are you ?
i love cupcakes . i know its not healthy , but i cannot help it . ha . . ha !
that's a good song too . i usually listen to country , pop , and rock now a days
that sucks ! i am so sorry !
do you help run it ? you could earn money to get your nails done !
five cats and also five children , i am a supermom !
like i said , very very very far from my home .
hi i've four siblings
i also wear silver jewelry . is that hipster ?
that would be amazing . have you been before ?
sounds like you have had an exhausting day !
i i live in washington right now
yeah i am actually thinking about getting the iphone x . had every iphone since the first one .
yeah we cook together sometimes or take turns cooking
hey you . what is going on ?
so tell me about you ! you have any kids ?
hi there , how are you ?
no still living the single life
that's so cool ! i love reading , especially the game of thrones !
neat ! are you married ? i am 35 and single .
good choice . my new haircut is spiked . you ?
i usually just let jesus take the wheel . do you believe ?
no but i might start looking for a wife i dunno
horses are beautiful , but i prefer watersports . any kind of water really .
pretty good and yourself ? i am about to play halo 3 wanna join me ?
when i hide in my room he comes for me
i am sick of the darn nasty apartment i live in with my no so boyfriend
that's so nice ! i wish you luck .
awesome ! i would like to volunteer , but i have to help on the farm a lot .
being an author must be really neat . what type of books do you write ?
movies are too long . tv shows are much better . i love zombie shows
my father and his friends , all of them are ridiculous .
what do you like to read ?
that must be very rewarding . d you have pets at home ?
i do . especially cows . they make the best steaks
i sure have . flown from coast to coast . they aren't bad just cramped
yes i'm married , three kids . we both love too fast and have bad judgment
i recently got married and i've five children
i'm sorry for your spouse .
what kind of jobs eh ?
that is nice and relaxing
hi , i'm abby . i'm 44
wish i could go . . . i've a test tomorrow to study for
i know how you feel ! you should go anyway !
mine is also purple , like prince
how are you ? i'm working on some bass lines for my band
my favorite color is orange . you have any siblings ?
you wanted an affair ? i love my man
yikes ! good luck with that ! any good luck charms ? mine is my cat !
i recently finished by mba and work as a financial manager with a large hospital .
twin boys that are 4 , remember ?
congrats i hope i'm that lucky after school
not right now , are you ?
i like to play guitar in my free time , what about you ?
no , i do not like cats at all . sorry .
i agree ! well , i hope you have a great day !
i have listened to a few of those .
so how old are u matt
my mother , the nurse said a lot of people are depressed so you are not alone .
that's awesome . i'm in an internship at google , but beauty school sounds more fun .
yeah , maybe . they're not giving her a chance .
i love hairless asians . do you like carrots ?
i can ! ahahah . what are your hobbies ?
ok , i have to go , have a good day
oh you have a very large wife ? give her cheese , yum .
just going to concerts . the rest of the time i'm philosophizing .
i have bad knees , bad back
i was a nurse but hated it . now i'm penning a book .
they require a lot of time . i spend most my time with them .
it pays nicely but for now a large part goes towards my student loans .
no . do you like to shop online ? it is an addiction to me .
great ! just listening to some alt rock . you ?
what do you do in your spare time
nice ! what kind of restaurant do you work at ?
yeah i just got my degree in literature . i like green lantern
my father has a very important job , but i would rather do something i love .
i'm a really strong female
tall , not dark , but very handsome
i'm doing pretty good . i starting reading a new book series
ooh i would love to travel to israel and see the home of the bible
that must be fun . do you ever watch face off on say network ?
do any of them wrestle ?
fifa is the best . what is your favorite food ? mine is pizza .
i agree . but it is so costly . and i would not have time to play games .
he stood me up , but now i have dogs
do you like henry , the french football guy ? i idolize him .
i know the feeling , i hang out with my friends all the time
whats your fav music ? i like all of it . . . well , not country and jazz .
did i forget to mention i'm vegan ?
hi ? i'm ok . who is this ?
that is alright , i have been around long enough and am on the way out too .
that is good . what was exciting ?
do you like music ?
that sounds like an adventure . any cool stories ?
yeah i'm only 18 so i still living with the parents . . . lame .
well congrats ! ! i'm a scientist , following my parents foot steps here
see 1 and 2 . 3 sucks .
you drive long haul trucks ?
i watch tutorials online and take beauty classes .
my mom got me a piglet after my dad dies when i was in high school
oh nice . my favorite song is , fittingly , california love . yours ?
the apron on the cooking show , was orange . so sad i did not get ti
that is cool ! ever done any jousting ?
yes all day . i get my 8 hours of sleep though
we have 3 dogs , but my favorite is maddie . she's a german shepherd .
i work in editing . i work at home though . its nice .
do you recycle ? i love that
anything else exciting about you ?
oh i play with them over the internet on the x box .
i'm max . i live in oregon .
i am 35 and still single .
hello there . my name is lucy . how are you ?
that sounds great i have 3 kids
wow , what is your favorite animal ?
i'd have to say all of the western us mountain ranges are nice . . .
how nice , what do you do for work ?
that's nice . i love the outdoors , also to swim when the weather is hot
that sounds like a fun hobby !
will have to check it out . . people always say new york . . didn't like it
i just take great care of it . . i do love natural remedies
me either . i get uncomfortable in formal situations . you ?
this would be number 11 . will you be my friend ?
yes , i have two ball python snakes
aw well i understand , like video games ?
nice ! i learned in high school . layla was my first .
hehe , what else do you like ? me , i love skateboarding do a lot on weekends
ride with norman , it is coming back in november .
which one is your favorite play ?
ll , that i do agree with you on that !
my mom is mad at me . i got rejected from the gifted class at school
i own my own company so i'll have to find the right time to travel
the lake is great ! do you have any pets ?
well they do but that's part of the experience .
that's so cool ! my woman use to teach cooking classes .
love it ! what are you majoring in ?
that's what my girlfriend is studying , its how we connected
me too . do you like social situations ? they make me anxious .
good morning how are you
i work at target . i retired from engineering last year .
to be a doctor , but not just any doctor , an insect doctor !
try watching friends to keep you busy , i love that show .
i like being alone seeing as i have ocd
you are going to be a wildcat ! my boxer would chase you
i am indeed , yes ! what are you a fan of ?
my wife just made me laugh ; she always does . are you married ?
that's often for medicine . i am glad i do not need medicine with my pregnancy .
thank you , daddy is a retired cop . he's my bodyguard .
did you go to college for that ? i graduated last year
i would like to donate money for your childrens tuitions
did you catch him ? will you let him out ?
thanks , i am moving soon , will you help me ?
do you have pets ? i've several different breeds
that must have been an exciting day . you should all have dinner together . break the ice .
i hear ya . its temping for me to sit around at watch my favorite football game
oh okay , patty cake patty cake bakers man
i live with my parents who adopted me . it is just me , no brothers or sisters .
that is nice . going for a walk on the beach soon . sweatshirt today .
you can milk anything with nipples
i do love playing in the snow . . but i miss my garden during winter lol
go shopping hang out the usual
i love dance ! i like to hike on the weekends to the hollywood sign . .
ll ! actually , it was a dragon ! when it got dark , we wanted torches . . .
i wish . i've young kids but i'd leave them for adam levine .
nice . maybe i should get a small swimmer tattoo since i love swimming .
neither am i . i try though .
huh . that sounds a little dishonest . i passed with flying colors on my harley .
like to buy one , my favorite is seven up
i take mine on car rides . i am a vintage car collector .
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
if i had him , i'd play soccer with him .
it truly does weaken the bones .
i love fruit like apples and oranges but apples are the best
who are they ? icons ! i need to be more active , running on the beach ?
my gay best friend would rather have a dog too
pizza is pretty good , i love cars and trucks , especially the ford brand .
yes it will ! come get a ticket 1 day
i am currently going back to school to become a casino manager .
completely agree . if you cant be happy alone , you won't be with someone else .
i love the home remodeling shows . very interesting !
fancy ! do you have any children ?
i do when my son is in bed
hi ! what are your hobbies ? i like to eat home cooked meals .
nice to meet you . i just ran a marathon last week .
i love apples but i am allergic to them
cool . i love soccer and dogs
that sounds relaxing . i am going to catch up on superhero shows
doing well . just hanging out this morning have been editing my book .
hello . how are you doing today ? i am well .
i am good thanks for asking , and you ?
is he your best friend ?
what kind of cookies are they ?
you sound like a very anxious person
death metal is my favorite music . what is your music preference ?
yes i know american sign language and canadian sign language
we have 4 cats . they are so odd at times .
do you knit red sweaters and does he wear a red collar ?
i like chili peppers on my pizza , just the like band ; they are my favorite .
not really , art is really the only thing i like doing .
who doesn't like to party ? i feel like partying right now .
i just have my lizard and my plants
for sure i love to eat green foods mcdonalds makes me sick
knees definitely are often a problem . i take a friend to get ultrasound every few months .
cramps are the worst . i have to eat a banana everyday to help .
hi , how is it going ?
oh that is cool . guess it is a full house .
up to anything fun ? i'm sitting here eating mcdonald haha , i love mickey ds !
i really enjoy making short films .
true my dad made a way he worked for microsoft
cool colors enjoyed chatting take care
that is sad . my best friend is calden .
i don't like peole without a good sense of humor
i really like 2000s indie music
i wished i could i bet you have an awesome time .
i don't know if i am that interesting . married young , nurse who surfs .
i am trying to catch up on game of thrones ! do you watch ?
i am great , thanks . it is my fiftieth birthday and my husband got me good gifts .
i love the color lime green
we all have to have something though . that sounds pretty cool to me .
i love to dye my hair
i enjoy eating barbeque and hanging out with my imaginary friends
no , i travel so much cannot take care of them
that sounds like a lot of responsibility ! guess you like babies !
nice ! any hobbies ? i am interested in gardening .
i've a dog and a cat . do you have any pets ?
hey , you no i am so disappointed with everyday life .
just for fun before my senior year started . any hobbies ?
how how is it going ?
i meet people through my uncle and dads jobs . how many kids ?
i also like the gifted . good show .
greetings . . today would be wonderful if i were royalty . . .
i really like it so far . i enjoy writing in my spare time .
yes , i play the piano and sing in a local club .
i am ending my cooking courses and will be out in the working arena soon .
i see . do not tell me you work at sears okay ?
no , but i love to go walking .
what kind of doctor are you
you should go to college so you can get a better job .
i love water ! i've been to paris a few times , absolutely beautiful , i love it !
it is okay i'll take a long walk in few minutes
its been pleasant didn't have to drive that hour to and from work .
what do you do for fun ?
i find sometimes it helps to get away when life has you down .
yea that fence is my favorite color
i am being taught how to use a piano .
maybe you should hold off on the corvette plan for a bit
hey hey ! hows it going ?
you got a lot of time left , still plenty of opportunities
all the time at the lake
oh no the cool weather is where its at . . . lol and the lovely fall colors .
possibly . . . maybe if we could find dragon eggs to sell .
it was probably a book about my pillaging and fine dining through the fjords
i love pepperoni pizza , it is so yummy
yeah , i am a creative writer .
it is hard to swim since i am missing a toe , pinky .
festivals can be fun ! what else do you like to do ? do you work ?
you bake ? i'd love to bake more , but the time and energy ha ha !
play soccer , read asterix , and draw . what about you ?
you are an olympian ? way cool
you know a little about biology ? what is the benefits of walking barefoot ?
i have a huge stamp collection . would love to learn to fly though .
that's good i not drink is hard on the body .
interesting way to put it ! what about sounds ?
hello , how are you today ?
you sound like a cool friend . we should shop together sometime ! !
i am doing great but wish i was at the beach
i love mushroom ravioli with a garlic sauce , going to paris soon .
i hope i can move from where i am living soon . where do you live ?
yeah its great ! i teach at a private school in utah . what do you do ?
i love charles dickens and old school goosebumps
dragon eggs are very valuable .
sounds like a good time . what are you designing ?
i did a paper on coke for my business class once .
that is awesome . my husband is ceo of taco bell . we are probably enemies
i live with my parents . they make bank teaching at the school in town .
its fun . what do you do for work ?
i really enjoy trying new recipes .
ah manic depressive . how to you cope ? meditation ? any hobbies ?
if its not hiking its cooking love to cook
yes ! ! i will be happy to
i've not tried competing , but i've a trainer for biking .
how long have you two been together
no , i like to keep it to myself
omg you should so cool ! congrats
omg ew , i never eat that anymore lol
oh that is cool . my coworker just wrote an article on how its coming to an end .
i'm a college student . my first big game tonight .
i'm great , just getting home from work
her 3rd birthday is at disney land . her brother will have the same
what do you like to do ?
up north normally . dragons are cold blooded , even though they breathe fire .
hello , how are you doing
i don't have but i'll soon
hello flo , i'm charlie and i have a prius
portland arizona ? never heard of it
i had to have knee surgery a few months ago , my walking cast was in caps colors
okay , i have not watched it . i need to smoke .
i just started tenth grade . psychology is cool . digging in peoples brains !
i know 2 guys at work who have season tickets to the pats
hey there like to work out ?
that's nice . going for a walk on the beach soon . sweatshirt today .
oh yea those are pretty powerful a friend of mine has one
yes and then i take naps in my princess bed .
i could translate that book into german . its my current job
oh no . two boys keep my hands full .
i'm hard worker because i'm proud about my job
yea , i know a lot of people are too .
i don't have any siblings , i like being alone .
oh wow , that's nice , i'm a first grade teacher !
maybe in the future ? i don't have kids yet , either .
what was it called ? i have probably been there .
we just role play by typing on this hit
that's great . my occupation in baking .
the disney deer you fool
construction . i'm a tomboy at heart . dress like one .
i've just 3 best friends . we hike in the woods around here often .
perfect idea ! i'll read my novels while you hike and explore nature
yes , i'm fine , and you ?
i doubt it . i like my team .
yeah ? i guess i've not seen enough . but people do like the ethos .
sometimes i wish i had a twin how about you ?
i absolutely love tacos and fries
just don't make me watch films that's related with death , don't want to think abou tit
that's pretty nasty . please keep away from me
well i'm told 45 to 50 . how old are you
good just got back from my bike ride .
that's cool . i use the weekends to go to craft shows . i enjoy it .
no , in a rural area . you ?
i love being on the water . blues my favorite color , like the ocean .
hey there . i'm joseph . what is your name ?
i see . thanks for the chat . nachos call my name .
no we save it up for laundry . we only sing blebs on laundry day ! fam tradition
did you fight in wwii ? my grandfather talks about it a lot when i see him .
i travel around the world to try out all kinds of vegan food
i've never seen a pink person .
what type of business is it ?
i just feel that way all of the time
hi , i grew up in toronto canada . you ?
hi there , how are you today ?
my mom does my makeup on the daily .
pizza sounds good right now !
yeahhhh ! ! ! ! ! my teacher does not give us a break ! ! ! ! i hate it ! ! ! !
i love to paint and only with water colors
that is nice do you see them often
great sore from playing football , how about you ?
naw . i've a lifted 4x4 black with some sick chrome . double smoke stacks .
i'm grilling a big steak and listening to an opera cd a friend gave me .
its the curse of the profession . i escape by skiing . what about you ?
she's 34 years old now
i actually have 3 jobs that i've been working the past 5 years .
peace and luck be with you .
hello where are you from ? its been a couple of years since i went home
yes ! i bet you would make a good voiceover actor . you dance ?
traveling sounds fun i could use a getaway
that sounds nice , do you train with someone or just alone
yeah . ever thought about moving to another place ?
hello there , hows it going ?
i like to paint and draw
i think it is something that just happens with age . how are you doing today ?
yeah definitely but i m already in college
yes , i've three kids . do you have any kids ?
do you live by one
that's pretty much what happened to me with going to the gym lol
oh yeah , me too . ready to be outa this math class .
but you'll soon keep at it
sounds fun ! i work in the evenings so get to sleep in !
you sounds like you really like your niece
no fun ! i got an acadia .
sorry if i am taking long ; i type one handed .
must be a busy task , do you find time for yourself ?
oh , you are invited to my next d and d game if you wish .
i love to sleep and listen to rap .
it can be kind of funny sometimes , kind of concerning other times .
i love rock , are you a fit person ?
that is nice my boss at the grocery store is nice too
chocolate cheesecake sounds real good right about now .
neither do i but am a fun of prayer festivals and follow them a lot .
cooking is my favorite pastime and i try for healthy meals .
just trying to make this holiday money
come here and take my place ! this is a pig farm !
i grew up in the suburbs but we moved to a farm when i was a teenager
hi ! it is nice to get to chat like this .
your mom sounds cool . can i meet her sometime ?
so what else do you enjoy ?
hi there ! how are you today ?
i am very well , how are you ?
no i am too busy exercising almost everyday
that would be the best of both worlds .
aw so sweet ! where are you guys from ?
absolutely . do you have any volunteer work you like to do ?
nice . i don't have any pets . do you have any kids ?
do you do any sports , i have been doing gymnastics for years .
yes i am . how about you ?
i have a german shepard and 2 cats . crazy life .
what do you do for a living ? i am in texas .
names zander and i just got my black belt from karate
what do you do for a living ?
i enjoy classical music , it is tough as a music student living at home to get along .
i am married with 2 kids so i cook for them a lot
same ! i totally think that independence is the way to go
i am overwhelmed , pregnant and husband might loose job , a lot to process
i am retired now but i used to be a teacher . now i travel .
i like fruit . i also cannot whistle . i have dogs .
my mom won't let me eat cheese because it makes you constipated .
pretty bad . just divorced . but i am glad you are having a nice day
i am doing great ! how are you doing ?
i'd like to learn
i have 14 grandchildren . do you have kids ?
stuffing fine tobacco in my pipe helps me think . pets would be distracting
well have a nice night . sleep tight .
i have a son myself . kids are fun .
oh wow ! my dad used to be a butcher right down the street from that university .
that must be hard . even my husband cries when we watch that .
what is your favorite subject ?
all things weddings , planning , attending , researching . that's it really .
sounds like they weren't as good at it as you
yeah , you could use a lift , life is to short not to live amazing
wow sounds like a lot of hair around the house haha
i do . i wish i had more time to practice but work is busy
you are welcome ! got any hobbies ?
my cheeks on my face are huge which makes my eyes pop .
i hate to admit this , but i was born on the day that's called christmas .
good morning , . how is everything with you ?
were you married to your high school sweetheart ? i was .
oh , that sounds interesting . i have been looking for a new hobby .
that sounds yummy . would you like help making it a vegan meal ?
very true , what are your hobbies ? i enjoy crafting .
yeah it was trouble for me . . . shopping ! ! i would just buy everything i wanted
not okra or fried corn , but i love me some beans and cornbread if that counts .
it sure has now that my 70 year old parents just got divorced
that's a neat name . read any good books lately ?
that's awesome . i'm hoping to go to canada to get my degree .
nice to find someone with that in common . i want a horse stable
do you cook with your own tomatoes ? grow any other vegetables ?
cool ! ! have you been to paris ?
that's great ! what else do you do for fun ?
i love to dance , not to brag but i'm an incredible dancer !
i thought you said you were 21 ?
children , i write books for them
i work at a bar on weekends but i'm studying to be a lawyer
great ! you ever killed anyone ? i know oliva pope personally .
lol . i wish i could . what else do you do in your spare time ?
i have , and it blows my mind that they can get them to do that .
hi how are you today
ha , not the kind this guy works on .
i was in a car accident and it got chopped off but i can still farm .
you are taller than me
i dream to be a noble artist , but i know that's not where my heart is
there is a lot of fish in the sea . you'll meet someone new .
hello . busy , but good . you ?
i do not believe i have read that . is it good ?
nice , that is all you need , i consider myself a nerd at heart
i got a scholarship for soccer
how much did you win
what else do you like to do besides read and drive ?
i like to do yoga on the beach . i have taught a few of my classes there .
well earlier i just completely forgot to spell . do you think the universe has a purpose ?
hi there wow are you ?
hello . i am a little sad today . and you ?
i do . mostly being at the comfort of my own home watching them .
that is a cool job , i work at a clothing store
deal ! tell me more about your job !
his work as a college professor or did he do research ?
hot pink with purple highlights ! what is your favorite animal ?
i am a paramedic and studying to be a nurse
oh that is nice . i have been trying to find someone who might be interested in my mustache
what is your favorite dish ?
i'd say pretty light . the same green as my eyes .
i am off at 4 but i work 4 days a week 10 hours per day .
animals are my passion , i hope to adopt some
i have never been fishing but i love to swim
hi what are you up to ?
hi , i'm a fish person tuna is my favorite , gummy worms too
being an author must be really neat . what type of books do you write ?
i'm sure you could . its very upbeat and fast paced .
a lot of sporting events were canceled .
my dad was killed by steak , he choked when i was a young man .
not in my family , we do not smoke at all
i sell washing machines at sears
hello , how are you ? its a nice night isn't it .
i spend too much time playing computer games and on facebook to workout
i'm doing good . . . . how are you ?
i've some kids , do you want them ?
no but i like to make food
i like to go fishing on my private lake . its pretty relaxing
hi how are you doing today
i to live alone with my son , i volunteer in my son boys scout to spent time
ever had shrimp and bbq sauce ? its great .
hi there . how are you today ?
how was the whether today in ny
i'm a bit of a science fiction nerd , but historical books are interesting
no no you say me wedding cake etc . what do you do ?
oh i see . maybe he just needs some time .
i love the heat ! i just recently got back from bora bora .
that's great . what do you like to eat ?
that can be rough . tell him to wear blue its a power color !
yeah . . . . kinda dangerous . ever travel outside of the usa ?
that's fine lol , do you like game of thrones ?
what is going on today man ?
what if we all just sat around and sang alands morisette songs instead ? ll
good , it is the new technology
i do not , i'm a stay at home wife .
i also do photography , it helps relieve the stress .
how funny ! i eventually want to have a stable with a minimum of 10 race horses .
canada is beautiful . yes , i'm a student . science is my favorite subject .
never been but i was in texas a few months ago . was going to go to monterrey .
enjoying the weather . its like sunny and 75 where i'm at .
i really , really love hiking ,
hi , hows it going today ?
my parents would love me to go to oxford . but i was to stay in the states .
i try not to do too much at once . right now i'm reading the foundation series
good do you make fart noises
i'm doing swell ! how bout yourself ?
do you play any sports ?
that is funny do you like volleyball
great ! i love the outdoors as well . might hurt cheerleading practice though .
yeah then role play as a character
i love going on walks ! i hike every weekend . 3 dogs , wow !
hmm . . . maybe i should look into that . i need a hobby now that i'm not working .
haha , i love being online anyway i can , i used to be a computer programmer
does being deaf hurt your game ? i'd hate to clean up after a game .
i make food very often
sheesh , i can barely get 8 hours of sleep .
mmm hair color is vastly eternally uninteresting . read any good books lately ?
for the first time , i didn't work today .
i have ramps , just no friends to hang out with . maybe we can meet up ?
do you have any cats ?
technology is okay , i love art , i'm an art teacher .
i see . i'll do that . at least i can still draw .
i have 2 dogs too
yes , it is a book series by isaac asimov about human like robots .
i'm a zumba instructor , i love zumba . what is your profession ?
my girlfriend loves chocolate , its her favorite thing
great how was your day ? fine i hope .
i'm great ! how are you ?
good . i'm going fishing today which i love .
that good you should keeping on loving her
me , too . what are your hobbies ? i play a little piano .
hi , i'm well thanks for asking ! do you like to read ?
i'm a microbiologist by education .
hi , how are you today ?
oh . i used to play football in high school .
i bet . luckily , i stay inside most of the time while babysitting .
i've only been once , but i want to move and become a curator for the met
spouse ? i'm married to my sweetheart from high school .
i'm an american , my family came here in the 1600s
thanks for not being a boring blind person .
i'm a filmmaker . its always interesting .
no goth does not like to rock out as much as i do
that's awesome ! i love to fish , and i love camping too . i just bought a camper .
hi good and you ?
i want to move somewhere very warm . any suggestions ?
blue daises , they are the coolest !
no , i go to church every sunday
great ! i talk with friend all the time . you have any friends ?
i am currently a college student what about you ?
i do not care about your husband
i've a lot of family in seattle , my favorite .
what kind ? i love brownies
yes , i agree with that . so tell me , what do you look like ?
what is your favorite color ?
bluegrass ! i love it . i can play that music all day .
coolio ! , also , french bulldogs are awesome , i've one , now you know !
i think i could help people like my mom does .
what do you do to volunteer ?
i like sports i'd love to go to italy sometime
those are always the funniest
have fun , i love to live life to the fullest . . . . enjoy
probably good for your baby too .
hi , i am a waitress in houston , what do you do ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am teaching my dogs to read . they're like children to me .
yeah i spend my time playing video games mostly .
i'll get you a better paying job
i am so sorry to hear that i am sure you miss him
mac and cheese is great and quick to make
i had one that literally ate the kitchen . ate the cabinets and walls lol
games are cool but there isn'thing like skiing on the water for me .
hey there ! i am a guy that's really into candy .
i like simple life , too . what is your favorite time of the year ?
i live with my spouse
cool how was it ? guessing it was fun
my pops was in the military also
fishing is my favorite thing
faith can be a beautiful thing .
i am good with the piano . that's cool you are into sports !
what do you hunt ? i could write a story about that !
i guess i could do army green since my boyfriends in the army ! lol
tracy was my moms name , i eat meat .
i like eating the seeds those are tasty . i am a vegan so i don't eat meat
i work at barnes and noble
i enjoy them as well . favorite are action movies !
i've not but my dream is to travel all over the world
sure i'll . what about you ?
org ! yes lol . i was actually published in the new yorker .
hang out with my family my daughter just graduated
yes . what do you like to cook ?
hi , i am kate , i am located in north dakota and a waitress
are you from the north too ? i am in michigan .
same here , humans can be a bit much
i had lunch with will ferrel last week .
i am a vegetarian ! how cool ! hooray for the animal kingdom !
okay , i guess i shouldn't have gotten two dinner reservations for tomorrow
i've a small family , but they're so important to me .
nice , what do you do for a living ?
yes and i fell in love with that
no i do not play anything
i watch kids for a living
all the way down my back .
well pita bread and hummus is my favorite , but i also love italian food .
i read all the time . bu ?
that is good congratulations on that
worked up over what exactly
what are you going to eat ?
yeah i am actually thinking about getting the iphone x . had every iphone since the first one .
hello there ! how are you ?
i am totally bugging . i love the city .
it was nice talking to you too !
i like video games in my spare time
i am doing great . how are you today
hi , i like bike , how are you ?
one could only wish , i do all the time .
oh why do you say ?
honestly , i like any food that is even remotely italian .
is being surrounded by books hard ?
yes , i got used to it . i've taught since 2016
yes but i do not eat vegetables i like spending time with my family .
mine is a horse farm . i love horses and horseback riding . do you like pigs ?
i've heard that books are good . i watch movies based on books .
well , i saw a hot canadian woman and i peed on my shoe
do not like reading ?
yes some say i am young dumb and broke like a high school kid .
are you married or single ?
nope not in a relationship either . i just hang with friends . you ?
i don't work . i stay home and smoke
its a good idea . very helpful .
thanks ! i colored my hair blonde in case i die . want to look good .
why ? i live in new england now
ok . it is a nice day here . how about by you ?
i like dogs but my real passion lies in politics .
did you catch him ? will you let him out ?
with what ? do tell please .
uh , does the theme music to the godfather count ?
i might not laugh but i am not sure .
well enough . not wealthy by any means but doing something i love .
a government agency . i am not sure if i am allowed to talk about it further though .
my mom works as a cashier at walmart , i live in her basement
it can be depending on whats going on , but its not worth the bs .
you seem very rude . do you have any pets ?
well , its been good chatting with you !
that's old school
little plastic toys and they all wear raincoats . so they sent me away .
on no maybe a facebook then people seem to like that site .
but i love money and sunny days so here is your new wife !
what are the other two ?
1 year old girl , 3 and 5 years old boys
hey , school then work . what about you ?
sometimes , do you like to chew gum ?
hi how are you today
lake michigan fishing every summer
are you any good ? or would simon cowell like a word with you ?
hello , ohio state in tha house !
do you enjoy the bakery though
i do sales and uber gotta get my youngest in college
nothing , i only travel . i am a nomad .
i am not a big foodie . . but i like hot dogs much
that's a bummer . my son wants a hamburger but i won't make it
and a nice hot bath and a good book . that would be very relaxing .
hello there how are you doing ?
its made with stockfish . love it so much and its healthy
i did not know that but i have seen the movie
good afternoon . how are you ?
i cannot imagine how people cannot like dogs , that's so unfortunate .
great ! i just got back from a long walk with my dog . you ?
i am overweight , and don't like disclosing my weight . it makes me feel undesirable .
i use a bow and arrow , mainly deer and birds
when i am sad i take long baths and have music
that's pretty cool what movie
what is emt i am currently studying social science at georgia states
i went to this even with my boss and we um . . did it . he's married !
i am very much so ? you ?
i am good , though i really shouldn't be on the computer since my nails are drying .
that s good , there are so many fires happening here .
not really but i do love running
ahhh , you made my night .
i like video games . they're fun !
me , too . but i am a lifelong teetotaler .
i am well . enjoying the break from working at the cable company . whats your job ?
i am pretty boring , i am a dog walker two times a week . . .
i would rather be a bird .
i am okay . i wish i was more tired though . you ?
i have a lot of freedom now my parents are cool
lol yea she is something else , i work in a shelter for animals .
hi , its great . just watching some videos , what about you ?
i go to concerts a lot . especially orchestras .
do you still live with your parents ? i never saw mine .
nice i have a bad habit of smoking a pipe
my husband , who retires next year , works as a ceo for google .
sounds great . i love dogs . i walk them for a living
what are we going to cook ?
yes ! all the time . you dance ?
hey , how are you doing today ?
nice ! i just got done swimming ! lol
hello , how are you ?
hi , i'm moira . who am i speaking to ?
maybe . do you read any good books ?
chocolate cake is one . but i done eat shrimps .
depends , what do you play ? i already owe my brother a bunch !
thank you . that's what i try to instill in my kids .
i'm far too angry for any popular music made today , only johnny cash for me
what did they do that disappointed you ?
college .
what do you do for a living ?
that sounds like fun . i need to eat diner i am super hungry !
i do dance competitively on a dance team
you seem like a very stubborn person
not as much as i do . what else do you do ?
hi ! how are you ? i just got home from my job at a daycare .
i try to keep busy with dancing since it takes my mind off things
why are you speaking in the third person ? i thought you were spongebob ?
what city are you from ?
matter , huh ? that's an interesting name . i have two dogs myself .
yum i used to work in a box factory we had a lot of pizza boxes
i love it . do you like to bake ? i just made brownies .
i love that movie ! i have seen
oh wow ! i wanted to go to school there but now i am graduated .
i have never been camping . too much of a city guy .
i am so sorry that happened . how old are you now ?
that's cool about your husband i like to go to the gym in my free time
my favorite color is red because it is so bold .
wow . that's too bad . i don't have kids . i have brothers , twins .
wow ! that's why the future is scary
yes , i have 3 cats and they're so adorable
all sorts of gummy candies
i'm amazing , how are you ?
hi there i'm just listening to some folk metal . haha not falling for that !
sounds fun , i spent most of my day cooking
i live an alternate lifestyle , i like other women
california love is my absolute favorite song !
that was nice . do you guys watch tv and drink and eat beer and food ?
interesting . well i actually am heading out to work now . nice talking to you .
me too ! i usually have cake after driving my race car .
kings of leon are the best
where are you from now ?
that's cool you are healthy then
yeah , i save peoples lives . no biggie .
no not yet i got earrings hope you re
i'm meant i have trained as a security guard also . do you like working nights ?
i'm sorry why did you have to run
great commitment to your beliefs . i admit i still eat meat only less .
no , just them . it was lonely growing up . do you have siblings ?
oh that'sn't fun , did you have to call a locksmith
yeah ! he's a straight a student . do you have any children ?
hey ! tell me about yourself
well we escaped and met again 10 years later and were married . we are happy .
nope i only speak english .
that's good . what do you do for a living ?
no kids ! just me and my guitar
thank you , so what else you lie ?
me too . its my favorite city . i love riding my bike everywhere
hello , i am wonderful because i am with my grandchildren , .
so in my spare time i like listening to folk music .
i bet you'll cook a very good meal to enjoy today !
walking is fun so is joking ever watch movies ?
all the time . its funny . my fear of heights i am trying to get over .
that sucks . is your dad around or just you and her .
that's understandable i am a country boy its all about country music and football
i only have one arm
creed the movie ? have not seen it .
i like raw onion , and vegetables
yeah . i always bake cookies when i am bored . do you have a hobby ?
i don't think a cat would be a good pet for me .
i am sure you'll everyone loves using computers lol
only child huh , i bet you picked your nose and had imaginary friends
great just finished listening to my favorite rap mixtape !
i wish i liked coffee , i need it before class
that is cool do you draw ?
where do they take it ?
well nursing stresses you out so i wish luck with sister
i like summer too . even though its really hot and i hate wearing dresses . . .
500 pounds but it was a good week
i great , excited that i will be able to go swim in the lake
oh that could be a problem lol . what do you do for fun
i love it . i love the snow and the cold . winter is my favorite season . you ?
where do you live ? probably near one of the 16 schools i went to
i just don't like the crowds of stores .
hmmmmm . i understand . are you a kitten ?
ahh yes . . voices , i hear them often . do tell me more ?
hello ! how is your day going ?
a great way to spend your day off . i am going to take care of this gassiness . . .
i love baking . maids huh ? fancy . are you rich ?
i love animals a lot
same here ! what does your mom do ? mine is retired but was a hairdresser .
how are you doing tonight ?
how long has it been in your family ? i bet its a great experience .
hello there , albert here . whats going on for you this morning ?
web design and photography . what do you do for fun ?
it is called make up magic . i do makeup tutorials bro .
my dad threw a milk carton at me today how dairy !
hi how are you today
what inspires you to wake up each day ?
i was just looking through a vegan cookbook . do you like to cook ?
you should come ! you would love it .
12 and maybe the other teachers you might like
the nearest one to me is a long drive a away , but i do not mind .
that wouldn't be good !
get out ! i write mexican cookbooks . any bestsellers ?
i have to rely on my moms amazing baking for pleasure . my ex is broke .
sometimes i listen to rock when i train . then i squatted 400 pounds .
i'm doing well . what are you up to ?
i wish i was . what do you do for a living ?
i am a high school teacher in texas .
hi , how are you ? my name is eve
i also have 2 , i am in between fostering right now . love having kittens around
yes that would be interesting
i was going to go to school , but my daughter decided to start a family early .
good luck ! i take photos , but with my iphone . lol
what practice are you talking about ?
why do you find it hard to relax ?
i am just kidding i don't have a job ?
fine , more tacos for me .
i like drawing , that's what makes me smile .
i like ceasar and italian dressing . i love steaks too
oh no you are in the 1 !
that sounds fun ! i also enjoy art museums .
cool . whats it like working with your moms ?
how cool ! i love to collect things like comic books .
i understand that school can be so hard
do you travel often then
hey , i just finished walking my golden retriever , hows it going ?
i am doing well , working on my next youtube video . how are you
yeah it is so good for you and gives me more energy throughout the day
its hard . very
i m good , how about you ?
it is . but you yearn for something different . which brings me to ny .
what happened to it ? my business is computer repair . i can help .
hi how are you doing ?
i usually to to the lake to calm down . i am a fisherman .
yes bro . so . much . molly .
i can take some off your hands , i have none .
hi ! how are you doing ?
thank you . i look forward to graduation
come on , you know . i m from kenya .
you too . have a good day at work at aldis tomorrow
yeah cookies at least , but i buy all the ice cream i eat
hi , how goes it ?
you are nice to chat with i like that
hello , how is it going
i am good . how about you ?
no , one i made recently is about the civil war . i am actually a reenactment participant
i live in california , how about you ?
not always , sometimes the injuries from accidents are too severe . always sad but it happens .
i like dogs . i have two of them . what makes you happy ?
you might want to check out ted talks
no like little silly characters
that is cool , i am enjoying my retirement
i like to watch people play sports when i go to the park !
i miss you dearly deadbeat . i will be playing for you tonight not the others . . .
cakes , muffins , cookies , cupcakes ! sugar cookies are my favorite !
a few have . what do you do for work ?
sounds fun ! i have a bunch of hockey gear i bought and never used , lol
oh sweet ! do you work or just go to school ?
what is it about the city you love ? washington has beautiful cities , too . beautiful mountain views .
that would be great . is it in texas ?
like movies comedy is my favorite people think my laugh it cute
it is . i do freelance drawing when i am nit busy with the kids
that is excellent . my retail store salary does not always let me have the finest food , but i try !
that sound good i like truck farming
what are you going to school for ?
yeah , if it wasn't for my bf i mean boss i'd not have money either
oh neat , i went there once pre katrina . beautiful city
no unfortunately ! he says i'm a breath of cool fresh air but then wo not commit .
good ! just listening to some music . you ?
i don't have many friends in the us , yet i hope to make lots of friends
nah , i cycle at night . its hard to hike at night .
oh . my bad . hope no offense was taken . . . i'm a country woman .
good day , how are you ?
sure ! where do you live ? have not been to the west coast
of what i used to be
doing good . what do you do ?
i made my own business
you mean clean houses ? you like it ?
thanks ! so how long you played guitar ?
yea i really hate traffic its so irritating it just ruins my whole demeanor .
fried chicken with mashed potatoes .
i do too . i try not to spill it on used books at work though
wow ! what a full life . do you have hobbies ? writing poetry is what i enjoy .
thanks . i think its from my time in the military , i tend to speak very precisely .
i like to go fishing on the lake .
i'm a sales person and i love it
now that is neat . i'm jealous ! my dad is just a boring pilot
so do you work ? i do , but from home .
lol that is very funny . i like that one
does rumpf own casinos ? you tell me .
i am lame an i smoke way to much
doing well . how are you ?
jim bean all the way .
nah , i do not take my work home . i have been married six years , i am happy .
yes , they keep me active . age is just a number i am in really good health .
hello , how are you today ?
lucky you . if it were not for my pets i'd go crazy .
i love baked goods . that and mexican food . hate seafood , though .
that is cool , i like to drive my lifted chevy up to the lake some days
i like pop musical gospel music
reading is a passion of mine . i am retired , so i have a lot of downtime .
i am doing alright , just relaxing .
i like robots , but chocolate chip cookies are my kryptonite
i love women political leaders , because i am a feminist
hi randell . i am working on my first book . hoping to be published
what do you do for a living ?
wow really ? do you mind if i include that in my youtube video ?
what if they find out i still live at home ?
i like growing vegetables in a big yard . i love mostly r and b .
i do not but my dad is a cop
nice what is your favorite color ?
wow , congrats for the 20th anniversary
mine are long , which helps me turn pages of my horror novels , which i love .
so much information ! haha . i'm a writer . i can write forever
maybe you could adopt one at the shelter .
? nature like you do , good very
so long as you live in a decent tax bracket , most things are tolerable .
i did not go out in college , maybe because i do not drink
that's frustrating , i bet . what do you do to make it better ?
ferraris ? i love ferraris ! i have lots of ferraris myself . i'm very rich .
no , but i do help my best friend when i go visit her .
i love brewery tours , they are typically a lot of fun !
you as well goodbye forever
yup . farm is in kansas , i'm here to sell livestock . where you from ?
are you in a relationship ? i'm not .
wow . i have been to florida many times but never china
the plot thickens lol how cool , did you get his number or anything
that would be such a cool job
i've tried but i'm just no good . i think my dog has more talent than me .
pugs are adorable little goof balls . bet learning to play with a kitten is new !
still have it mostly cruise around campus trying to get babes
what is up , party person ?
i can imagine . how about a spanish last name that you say is italian ?
hi ! it is nice to meet you ! i'm just hanging out in my apartment .
hi . what do you do for a living ? i'm a nurse
cool . i'm a programmer . i've held this position for about seven years .
understood . i've a bit of ocd that makes it hard to do much outside of teaching
just a boring job . do you do something interesting ?
yes , i like them very much
yes i'm married . i also work 1am to 9am as a nurse
were you sad when prince died ?
movies bore me , my job as an emt is exciting enough for me
oh , are you i will or elderly ?
college .
i like to sing songs from musicals . oklahoma is my favorite .
nothing wrong with hunting . i'm even the head of my local gun club
that was probably wise . i'd have wanted to know more though
we will ascend to meet him in the sky . i believe it
traveling is great ! have you gone anywhere recently ?
i'm sorry to hear that . what would you rather be doing ?
its just a hobby i want as a director so i travel more than i'm home
nice ! do you also have a scooter ? ?
i did not know that that made you sleep
okay well i'm mary , tell me more about yourself
will you cook me dinner ?
i have two boys and they're a handful on my own .
i used to , not so much any more . do you collect a lot of things ?
oh good . i miss him i want to be alone most times and i go fishing
a bear can destroy any beast in every known habitat . they're by far my favorite .
my father and his friends , all of them are ridiculous .
tom petty but he died
yum ! my dad used to make that .
thanks for the advice , i will try it . you into music ?
how do you feel about retiring ? do you like the job ?
life is brutal . that's why death metal is the best music for life .
that sounds like a great night . i just played the beta for a new video game
it was nice talking to you as well
i am happy for you ! what else do you enjoy ?
whats so crazy ? you never spoke to the president before ?
that is great ! sounds like something positive to occupy your thoughts .
i learned about karma in high school . i was valedictorian .
i am trying to learn to cook . anything is doable right ?
but you don't speak chinese ?
that is a great idea ! i wonder if she would love math like i do ?
cats are neat freaks too though , aren't they ?
awesome ! i am a little afraid of cars , as i lost my arm in an accident .
it happens . i find them all the time at my office .
hi , i am very smart . are you ?
i have been teaching for 8 years , so far .
my life is the average one
nice , i can not wait until i can retire . i am also a hair stylist .
i am a baker and stay at home mom
what ? that seems like the best route for college kids !
yes , with some friends . it was nice
i'll join your religion . can i cook for the congregation ?
i like to go to the symphony , we don't have to make eye contact there .
yes . we will . where are you from ?
how strong are you , can you lift a truck ?
ll yes i do
that is different . do you have any kids
nothing really . i just like having nice new office supplies around . and books .
you the 1 who wants to fight , just know i've dogs .
that is quite an age difference .
i'd like to some day , maybe paris . every female dream .
books ! specifically fantasy genre . harry potter and the like .
it depends on how hard its raining . where are you from
oh nice ! haven't seen that in years . i'd listen to country if i was walking .
i am a truck driver so i've a four wheel vehicle and drive around .
and i just made dinner for my five kids and my husband .
yellow was my grandmothers favorite color ! !
are you going to have the surgery ?
that would be so cute to dress them all up in fairy tale costumes
i took a hot shower when the water heater came back up . it helped so much .
also my favorite , are you single or married ? i and single .
no family first is us or we would not live in celebration florida
i hale from san francisco
i am in argentina myself . with my lovely horses .
i am currently in financial business . would rather teach music haha !
i drive a fast one so yes i do . what is your favorite type of music ?
listen to some music it helps , i like classical music my wife does too
dating , i've never done it
i am doing incredibly well . i am alone eating steak . you ?
good morning . . . yawn . . . just getting up for the day .
thanks for the well wishes but not good . just got laid off from my job
me either , my husband doesn't like makeup
i am having problems with my family
what is your favorite color ?
well i get used to it , i live alone . i work as an insurance salesman .
just the one nearby , because my girlfriend do not like me
hey , how is it going today ?
do you have a favorite writer ?
i am tammi . i've a son that just turned 18
horses are great animals . do you have any pets ?
good ! what do you like to do for fun ?
your dog you mean , well that's pretty cool thing to do .
what are you studying in school ?
max , rodney , and finn . do you have a hobby ?
do you lift weights besides running ?
hang out with my family and play cards . progressive rummy
what kind of music do you sing
ice cream ? good suggestion ! thanks . how come you are awake ?
it can be but as a quarterback i feel like i'm in control
everyone in this chat is from cali . . . . cornia . where in cali . . . fronnia ?
so when are you getting married ? soon ?
time to cook dinner ! chili corn dog or cheesy hot dog ? we love both !
i love to eat tacos with them
i hear you ! my kind of thing . at the mean time , studying to be an ed teacher
you have to come to nc and try some bbq .
as long as youre having fun , it doesn't matter
i love the fall . i will not go during buffalo bills season of course
i know what you mean lol .
wow ! red shoes are my thing , can you find them in your size ?
possibly , i'm a communist so i'm not sure i agree with your capitalist ideas
being the only small white girl they think i need to bulk up
you too , take care of yourself .
i barely work , really . i'm hiring but pay only minimum wage
i play the drums too . i hope you aren't vegetarian .
hiking sounds amazing ! i normally watch movies on netflix the foreign ones
i am doing great today , how about you ?
i love dogs , they're like children but furry lol
hi , i am getting married soon . are you married ?
i'd love to go there . it is beautiful
fine just enjoying leave from base
i help take care of the animals on the farm . but no pets of my own .
i like veggies and that is all i eat like a rabbit
well that is part of working
what do you do for a living
i am watching tv right now , but i do read ! i also like to go fishing .
no all my videos are of how to apply makeup
hi there how are ya
trying to figure out where to put all of these fat stacks
i do too . with white queso . not that tex mex nacho cheese crap .
when i am not chasing my siberian huskies 2 of them ! i like to play the guitar .
can i bite you it helps me get my anger out .
do you like fishing ? i try to go each month
i am good . just making my cat some warm milk . you ?
good because i eat steak often . are you in a band ?
i agree ! although i'm kind of a slacker and have trouble staying motivated
i'm good do you work ?
yea or possibly a teacher like my mom
i'll try that after this round of the godfather . it is my favorite .
i wish i'm busy as you are
hi , i'm editing my latest discover videos . what are you up to ?
i'm sure its nice . i'll take that into consideration .
that is nice , are you married ?
inland empire . have you ever been ?
i can't eat meat only veggies
that is good , how is the weather ?
hello how are you today
oh you must be a vegan .
180 . maxed out like my credit cards .
wow that s that my ust be a sku
stephen king would like that . i love his books
congratulations ! love always happens to everyone and they're so happy !
oh wow , well it was for the best
that sounds like it takes forever
what is your favorite band ?
they are ! bart and i love scallops .
pizza is my favorite food , only in usa ! great pizza
i agree , that and folk metal and my cat spark .
what did you win at
cool , i'm trying not to sleep in anymore .
yea you do lol i love the beetles .
yes we can go for a few drinks in ny .
so any hobbies ?
you too ! i like to go out with my friends and party .
haha me and my friends usually just hit a club to drink
you said you were into prince , what do you like now ?
yes its the best ting ever . it makes up for tacos that i hate very much
wow that is a lot of animals
uh , ya . that is probably why i've such severe family issues .
can i get a ticket to canada ?
kaia soleil , do you have kids ?
hobbies ? i do not have time i've 3 kids lol
oh wow how exciting , i'm very jealous . i bet you have a nice car
hello , are you into exercise ? i love to run .
thriller was a great album . it always has me dancing in my boots .
i know , it is so hard to be on time
i have heard of it , i heard it is tuff
they will eat any animal that is standing still longer than three seconds .
aprons , pot holders , table runners . always sewing , sewing , sewing .
just be nice , and friendly . oh and know when to listen .
no pets . i might get a goldfish .
i keep my five favorite flavors in the fridge , but i keep them on a lower shelf .
a few , a lot of videos on youtube
i'm good , how are you ? just working at home i'm an editor .
good , i love hiking ! . i take my dogs to the lake often
well i have cut alot of people out of my life especially over petty sports
well did you ever ask them ?
to go to chainsmokers concert i have been waiting all summer .
i make an awesome cheesecake one of my favorite desserts
my cats name is mater , he is a cat !
me too . but i like to play music better
i feel like i don't have a choice .
yeah , its pretty cool . my dogs barely recognize me !
my real passion is drawing tho
ok . my 23 cats are having a good day .
draw ? i can draw a sword . soon take the boat to the new land
what is your favorite fruit ?
its a rush . hearing the music . being around a bunch of people . . .
did you do anything fun this weekend ?
me too . i've two kids and always have to wait till they are asleep to watch .
do you listen to madonna ? my favourite musicians are one direction !
hi . i fixed an old car that somebody gave me .
i own my own saloon but we do nails there too
pretty good day here . my sister and i played baseball
you know how to read ? i've a love for dogs
yes i do and do you have any kids
well i ove animals but i love meat !
i like making hats and scarfs . sometimes stuffed animals or baby blankets
i do like cats , i've five . they all live outside
i play hockey so maybe the nhl
oh . i am really smart you know .
i am good ? just got one playing soccer . you ?
so do you wanna watch titanic ?
yep that is my fun ! i also love monopoly
if they have a good day i do too .
ha no . but its beautiful so i'm excited .
yes i've my niece adores that movie
they expected me to just carry on . i cried and got yelled at .
knees definitely are often a problem . i take a friend to get ultrasound every few months .
what else do you play ? he's a game tester for microsoft .
funny ! i was accepted but i was too shy and didn't go
i hear you . what is your favorite hobby ?
that would be nice . any hobbies besides crochet ?
no but i love bacon and eggs
do you like doing things outdoors like camping ?
i've got two boys as well . 9 and 10 .
i hope you make over time pay
what kind of dog is he
no i'm retired i'm 75 years old
that's a very pretty color . seems to be in too
i wish i had some . i drank all of mine earlier during my horror movie .
twice a day , sometimes 3 . i play video games when i'm not working out
good for you ! i'm more of a quiet night with a good puzzle person .
its really easy once you get the hang of it .
no just cats . i travel a lot , traveled around world on boat last year .
the cave dwelling , car driving , guy named fred from a cartoon .
that sounds romantic are you married ?
i sometimes do . when i can sing along
i'm , i want to have a boyfriend , but my relationships never end well
what are you studying in school
i've a fish , but i do not think it can be ring bearer
i see a lot of dogs at the veterinary office where i work . do you work ?
i'm mad . very mad .
i've three kids , all grown girls , trust me it is too much craziness
i do odd jobs here and there . i've never been to the midwest !
good for you ! i just got my tenth piercing !
wow i wish i would have been doing something cool at 21
i typically just drink at the bar i really am bad at pool
how old are you ll
hello how is it going
not really . i like to write poetry and sing though .
they love me a lot . they give me a lot of money .
where are you from now ?
good idea , i still make time to take care of my gram during the weekdays
oh yes and a good veggie burger is wonderful .
yeah it is my sons favorite color too .
actually , i was wondering whats for dinner tonight . your dinner , i mean . just curious .
i really like the deep because i am into scuba diving . you
oh that sounds good too . so do you have hobbies ?
what do you do for work ? i work from home .
oh wow . sounds interesting . i would like peanut butter and chocolate .
i have leo , odis and schwartz . have you had bob a long time ?
i am ! its a lot of work but its fun .
cool but not really competitive . i like fishing for the biggest trout !
we read different books each week . i could text you the details love my phone !
i like bambi you just made me cry
hi how are you tonite ?
how did you injure yourself ?
i have seen that big eared bunny
it was in grade 5 bullies galore cause i am smart
i try and keep my loved ones please and not disappoint them .
i am currently single but looking
pickup basketball . with the homies .
a mountain bike . i like to get the miles in while i am younger .
oh wonderful . i eat veggie meals when not painting fences .
cool ! am working up the courage to sing in front of an audience .
i'm talking to a personality disordered person with psychotic features
i love being outside . i remember the time i ran a mile under four minutes !
well , happy birthday just the same . my family live far from me , across country
cool . ever dablet with alternate energy ? i wonder what else planes can fly on .
those are good what other things do you like to do
beastie boys , what kind of car do you have ?
they keep me out of trouble . signed a moral clause with the wolves .
i've a big lonely house too . i live alone here
good currently drinking one of my fave drinks . its a cuba libre
my ma is a crazy russian lol we in america now
awesome ! ! do you have any kids ? i've a straight a son !
yeah but you have to pay back with large interest . sad .
what do you like to do for fun ?
i've to proof read for them
cute , i usually take my dog to the woods with me .
lucky . so what do you do for fun ?
yeah , me too , keeps my blood sugar down !
hey there , how are you ?
when my cats don't hog it all . day
what do you do with the fish ?
every time i think of black and purple , maleficent and ursula come to mind .
been shredding a guitar since i was a lad . i'm super good ! ! . and you ?
thanks for the well wishes but not good . just got laid off from my job
too intelligent for his own good
haha . lets collab i'm an aspiring publisher .
hello . what are youre plans this evening ?
i'm good how are you
retired but i keep busy learning to play the piano and going to the ymca
hi , i just adore pink mink
it is , and we doing well and my wife just became breast cancer free .
hi steve , i'm watching some anime and you ?
that s ok i don t have long either . i m fine .
i'm jessi but my friends call me sissy
i'm blessed to finally reunite with my family and dragons will be the theme .
if you saw me play tennis you would laugh alot .
it is , but i need the money to make it to csu .
yes , sounds like a good idea ,
i like all music how about you
i'm going to listen to some rock today how are you ?
very cool i make a living playing in a band
he has to bring one . and what about my mom ?
i like morning yoga a lot
never been to a farm . hockey game is coming up should come see me play .
kind of , definitely learn self defense though . good schools , are you in college ?
i like red . the color of my ford mustang .
yeah i really like dogs and cats they are my favorite
yes ! recently i drove cross country in my corvette , it was amazing
hi hows it going . howre ya
i used to wrestle want me to toss her around a bit
i try to . too much bad stuff in this world .
yeah ! cooking is a passion of mine , i do it all the time for my family
no not right now i need to get on that though
i appreciate the feel of a good book being 82 . you like your work ?
oh , that can be stressful . maybe you could get a dog
i don't work currently . i take care of my parents .
my dad builds hotrods ! me ? i like to cook , read and travel .
hi ! i'm good . i just got back from traveling the world in my boat .
its kinda windy though but nice
wow exciting . i don't like the creek at night i'm scared of the dark
it was not me though . i do not eat cheese .
so when do you think you will open one ?
what sort of things do you buy ?
oh cool . i drive a truck .
not much just hang out and stuff
yes i sure do . i sing karaoke , crochet , do crosswords . lots of things .
okay but friends are not my thing , i do not have many
i hope so , i always feel like something is wrong with me
i'm in the midwest i'd love to visit one day
i'd venture to guess you might be right . they have to much hair to dry . .
i won't either promise . unfortunately my dog often does as he pleases , lol .
do you have any plans tonight ?
i have horses . . . should i pay to board or buy something that will accommodate them
i love country music . my mother got me into it when she taught me baseball .
haha , no , unfortunately i do not . looking to get some ?
nice . i like whiskey too ! what do you do for fun ?
no i do not in this world
yeah best pool on na continent
i also like all music . my favorite though would have to be rock .
i like to drink beer with my mom . she's my best friend and is sn fun .
that to bad i'm sure you find someone
good point . i come from kentucky but live in new york now . hobbies ?
i'm fine thanks , did you start to read the book i lent you ?
for people who are not like me , they're boring , i do not do boring
what are these magical varus ?
yes it is great . bruno mars is an all star performer . who is your favorite ?
sisters are a blessing and a curse ! is she older or younger than you ?
i'll be baking with my sisters all day , we work in a bakery
i'm done with this chat . i hope they see that was offensive and a little discriminatory .
i'm between jobs , i do construction , painting and etc .
what type of doctor are you ?
i love to travel , my trusty honda can attest to that ! lol you ?
i'm happily married .
man i wish i was you lol . you sound easy
i'm not sure i hope its a boy . my dad is so judgemental .
well the ocean is practically my home . always out sailin
nope . just like sitting in the library , all alone , nobody to bother me .
sounds like a good time ! friends are pretty rare for me . .
its ok . are you going to eat the fish ?
i love harder things like video games . i design them .
yes , i'm a vet and go to the shelters to help every chance i get
my job is at a bar , as a bartender
oh what kind ? i love my french bulldog so much !
where was it ? i live in my foreign car a little bit outside of la
cool that would be nice but i'm failing my classes at school
i've to work a lot , since i've no room left on my credit cards .
old age is what i'm blaming
i love to go fishing myself . it is so relaxing .
when i went last time i took a lot of photos
i'd say so . lol ! i play games with my brother . i still live at home .
i cannot believe i wasted my education on a master degree in italian literature
hey eve . i'm online shopping atm so good haha .
that is wonderful that you consider your dogs kids
do you play any musical instruments ?
nothing but onder about space
it is all good . you stay in school and get your education .
i'm good thanks for asking
why are you really excited ?
very cool ! the only game i really enjoy is arm wrestling . whats your favorite game ?
now that is really cool . what else to you like ?
i like to spend time in nature . i hike .
that is great i hope it works out for you . sorry i've to run
i've a hard time with some things due to asthma .
i live in a large city but my parents don't visit often
i like to eat fish and go swimming . good fit right ?
hello , how are you ? i am a mall cop , what do you do ?
yes ! whats your name ? you like prozac ? i invest so one day i'll be rich .
hello hows your day going today ?
sometimes i take all four hiking in the woods
a full time student , what about yourself ?
yeah they are , i've a black f150 , i actually use it to tailgate at football games .
awesome i love my cat leela
i like to eat animal . lol i work as a vet for a slaughterhouse
what do you do , beside fighting a fight against sugar .
what kind of runs do you do
i am not married but my parents are .
i am currently reading david copperfield again . have you read it ?
wow , 10 cats ! that sounds like a cuddly handful
i went to college for psychology !
lol yes but its worth saying twice . do you like piggies ?
i am great ! how are you ?
hi how are you today
on twitch ? thanks for the convo and have a good day !
i live in the us home of the best pizza in the universe
i never tried that sounds like a lot of fun .
that's cool . i like to take rides in semis .
i am great too but busy with work lol , do you like music ?
pretty awesome , i hike alot
no i grew up there . anyway , i teach history my favorite subject .
mass has a lot of vintage buildings . i love vintage furniture .
hi ! how are you doing today !
weird is good . i do some weird stuff , too
i am thirsty , i am going to grab a cuba libre my fave . study hard !
that's boring lets talk about me more since i am the best
the beach is my favorite . i go out on my boat sometimes .
i have a cat now that i don't travel the usa anymore
yeah just had a private lunch with will ferrell he loves male models .
one of my two mothers loves to swim too . we go sometimes
tinder is for hookups not kids . you sure you got the right app in mind ?
hi , its great . just watching some videos , what about you ?
i'm doing fine thanks for asking .
i like adam levine but not into cats
great , love the cooler weather it makes me feel energetic
me is drawing people and mountain biking
i try to pickle eggs when i get the chance , for a tasty treat .
i'm fine , how are you today ?
hey there . how are you ?
i'm happy on my own . as long as i have pizza lol
he was a year older than me 76 years old so it was his time
nice . what do you do for a living ?
wow i love your style
yeah ever since my mom died from exercising . then my dog got ran over my a bicyclist
anything but rap , what is your music preference ?
that's fun . i'm a teacher like my mother was .
prison ! i loved all the homies when i was in there . top dog they called me
i work in a library , no boots allowed .
too bad . i just got a brute prowler i wanted to show you .
sure . i rarely do though since i live by myself .
i'm great , just practicing on my piano , how about you ?
do you watch any sports ?
i let the guys at the site do that for me over break
good , just doing my daily skin care routine .
at the mall . i really like the atmosphere of tasteless consumerism .
not bad , how are you ?
what is you favorite part ? i bought my new iphone in austin recently .
hi there hows it going ?
i like eggs too . where do you live ?
hey , how are you ? i just got back from a long bike ride .
we live in the south how about you ?
you could be a lifeguard and drive a yellow convertible like me .
i have never been there . do you have any pets ?
i hear that , my kids have a hard time with it to .
i love playing with roaches
great i can dance great
nice ! its kind of a sad day for me 6 years since my mom died
have you tried going gluten free ?
www ! that is fun ! when i have free time i spend it with my cats
both actually . i'm saving up money to go back to school .
i would suggest cutting out the green beans in that case .
nice , what do you like about it ? i prefer watching soccer games , i'm really into it .
i am . i also have 4 cats .
i love model buildings . i build them n my spare time
5 years now , but been in to cars my whole life
you must love your husband too . mine and i were highschool sweethearts .
hey how are you today ?
being angry about my wrong order from a restaurant . they gave me a salad ! yuck .
as a librarian , reading will take your mind off things .
how has you night been going so far ?
same with my mother . with her teaching , and me traveling with the circus .
can i bite you it helps me get my anger out .
i am an engineer what about you
that's true . i do like fast food sometimes
yeah i am a cartoonist , i always liked them more than movies
hello !
pretty much , i like it though .
he was the man . his paintings remind me of where i fish .
what are you doing on the weekends ?
that's awesome . i can barely get my computer to work most days .
i was on the local news when i was there it was legal though
as long as youre having fun , it does not matter
its peanut butter jelly time
i hope i can do that when i grow up , after i'm a fireman
i'd love to meet them ! can you tell me how make friends like you ?
hello ! i'm great . just got done reading my book for a book club . .
check out my video , i jump right out of the pull . straight up .
that's cool i'd love to meet her
i guess there'sn'thing wrong with that
animals . they're what matter
man . . . my super ability is an allergy to nuts
not much , just got home from taking care of animals
halloween is my favorite . and its so soon !
i know i hate to loose my employment is working as a pilot .
i'm very conscious about my health and always watch what i eat .
i live in cali right now
in a school ? or privately
hi , how are you this lovely fall day ?
we met in high school and now go to alabama state together next week makes 7 years
i like watching movies with my wife .
why should they , in my eyes , love has no color
looking online for some new shoes . are you up to anything ?
i agree . i like having a picnic and looking at the cloud shapes .
you better believe it . load up that pizza with all kinds of meat . power pizza .
my wife stays home so she can get pretty crazy .
i would do it but my family loves me , however they keep away from me
i am great today . how are you ?
hello , i am doing great . how are you ?
barbie girl is the greatest music of all time
hi how are you today ?
i do 1 and he's a toddler
i don't have kids , or a car , so i go to park nearby to watch football .
i am very , very bad , but that is the norm for me
certain recipes are , you would be surprised what you can find on the internet
i do data entry how about you ?
i don't order on the internet i don't think i need to .
it looks hard ! my dad and i collect movies about it . we have more then 600 !
really ? i should take all of them but i am old
you could always give them mohawks . good day .
what is on tv tonight ?
tex mex is so delicious ! what is your favorite food ?
aw , how old is your daughter ?
i'm in the legal profession . criminal defense lawyer , i'm a busy person . lol
hello how are you today
thetis good . i love concerts and attend many of them every year
i have 4 and few pets
i wish i could say that , i tried , never could catch on . . .
that's awesome ! my iguana is named boba fett !
part time or full time ? do you sleep all day ? i almost do .
good , i just recovered from this sundays long walk in nature !
awesome ! my desk i wrote is a sleek black desk its my fav color
i wish i could afford to make pie , i cant even afford the utility bills
its a beautiful day today i love being outside
hi there , how are you ?
too cold to swim here ! i want to visit rome but i cannot go alone .
yea ! i love a ford ! how tall are you ?
sorry to hear . do you work out at all ? i just got back from gym .
i keep records for businesses . do you have any pets
great ! i'm out east too but my family is out west . i miss them .
i enjoy charcoal . but lately i'm too swollen and my fingers are like sausages .
i like white because it helps me focus when meditating . you ?
how is it like being a parent ? is this your first born ?
maybe try sleeping late in the day like i do . sleep is key .
i like vegan food . . . i really love bon over for music
i wish i had my own business
how so ? do you go and visit them often ?
oh boy yes that's a hard one do you work ?
i couldn't give up meat . do you travel any
really great . jamming out to the muggers
why not ? i am down , do you like reading ?
ice cream is a good help for that . chocolate or vanilla ?
that's stinks , i have an office job . so i like to run when i can .
ask him what style of a father he likes ? perhaps go from there ?
wow ok you sould smart
neat . nice to meet you
hopefully you soon now that you ditched that loser
i deliver pies and pastries in the state where i currently live .
why ? i have 3 brothers , so they made me an active competitor .
yes cookies pies cakes cup cakes
sounds like a fun career
i like the cold weather
hopefully it gets better with time , wish i could meet her haha
what a special dog ! that is how i treat my 2 kids !
nice . my hurt heart just cannot think of that kind of fun
a small city in algeria , my whole family is from here
i love teaching and live in the city . i hate it . hate it .
aww so you can relate that is nice to hear
hello
i work for monsanto . well , used to . they are after me now .
i live in oregon , is there anything else you like to do ?
hello hows your day going ?
me too ! do you have any pets ? i've an iguana .
not too many places . i really want to go to canada . . . especially quebec .
oh yes , i love the bible . being a man of religion myself .
doing great . what do you do for work ?
want to take a cruise to europe . . . but i've never been in a cruise ship
mom and pop , they are divorced
can you see better now
cool how old is your son ? i like kids
cool i am 30 and i've never had a kiss . well from a woman anyways
yes any time you can save money is great !
i am great , just planning a hike for this weekend . how are you ?
one thing i am deathly afraid of is heights ! the thought of going splat on the pavement
i am a photographer , i work remotely and often from the beach .
yes ! i like super junior and big bang . so colorful and trendy .
hi , how are you ? please tell me about yourself !
yes it is very exciting
i love fruit also
is that your dream school ?
that is so nice
morning and i draw and a professional at it
that is cool ! i just also got from helping my mom at the bank
yeah are you good at anything
where are you from ? i am theoretically from syracuse , ny .
i want to be a fireman or orthopedic surgeon
no , not really . how about you ?
i too am a vegan , how long for you ?
well i am in good health , but i have to use my glasses to see them !
you should take your dogs swimming . nice talking to you
i prefer to silver jewelry over gold jewelry .
hi am jane and i enjoy sweets very much and it is an addiction of mine
i go almost every weekend , it is one of my favorite past times
hey , that sounds like a great career move though . i am still working on my career .
i like nature music when we go outside , its very calming
hello how are you today
why not ? my large cheeks are turning red .
i am jk me nighter never learned haha
oh nice what did they sing ?
sorry to hear that why want to eat pumpkin with me it will make you feel better
what do you like to do ?
oh cool . make sure to get some candy !
hi
what are your colleagues like ?
hi there ! how are you today ? ?
that's cool . mine is brown , do you think i should dye it blue ?
thanks . i just got braces and do not like them .
hello ! are you a gamer ? i love halo 3 .
i am doing fine . just checking on my dog before settling in for the night .
i do , i want to go to nyc an see the ball drop for the new year .
i do not see many movies more of a book person
hey there , i just got off work , you ?
sometimes the lake , sometimes the mountains
cos ? cos tco ? whats that stand for ? you play rocket league ?
i work at the art gallery in our town .
yea . the world can be a cruel place i guess
i've two dogs and a cat
oh wow . i've one daughter and she keeps me busy lol . good for you
that's fun , too . do you play sports ?
college man , alright ! hey you like youtube ? i am always looking for new channels .
i've a crummy job . . . ugh
oh , oh well . do you think the moon landing was real ?
probably katt williams live , but they are all funny
nah what do you do ?
i am a dragon . a purple one
i hate caring about people . one time i fell up some stairs
that's really cool i bet it is always fun
i live in milwaukee i am in quality
i wish i dint see it lol
its good , just got back from the animal shelter
i love the outdoors ! what do you do for a living ?
my face is usually flat on one side from sleeping a lot
for sure ! do you have any other hobbies ? i am in a jazz band , i play piano
lucky you ! we can exchange recipes .
that's great . what is your favorite music genre ?
well , i'm a scholl teacher so i do not think that's appropriate , just sayin
hi ! i'm an artist , i enjoy painting . you ?
that's so nice that you can be home with your children .
cool , sounds like a hard degree to get . i just like reading stephen king
the easter bunny once hid behind my door and i was scared .
i do not like tacos but i love chocolate milk
i did while listen to my fav audiobook pride and prejudice
i love to cut hair i could make you look good for your employees
i think i need help . i'm addicted to blackjack .
what would you do otherwise if you were not running a restaurant ?
nice ! me and my 3 great danes are doing fine here , listening to music .
i'm sad my friend left the city i'm all alone !
not familiar with it . you ?
hi . how are you ? have your heard of michael smith new song
interesting , do speak german as well ? can you speak any other languages ?
nice , i like fresh water food . love to swim in ponds and lakes
that would be awesome ! tell me something else about you .
when i'm on break at the coffee shop i read
no but i play a lot of sports , even won an olympic medal for swimming
i'll not . i put god first in everything i do
my dad has a reeeeaaallly nice chess set i grew up playing .
she's sick a lot , i think the neighborhood we live in doesn't help her mood either .
hey there i'm listening to my friend hey
i'm good do you have shoes
that's awesome . you sound like a wonderful person .
i do . one cat . she's siamese and burmese .
oh , wow . that's far away from me . i'm in utah
mostly studying , hanging out with friends at college , and partying . what about you ?
farms sound great . i should find one to work on . i need a job .
hello hello , i'm well ! i work in pr , always talking ! and you ?
yikes . what kind of car ? and also what was the bet ? haha
what do you like to do ?
i hate waking up in the morning , i wish i didn't have to .
so you'd say you like refurbished classic cars ?
i'm one of five sisters . do you have siblings
i'm fine . i'm 10 years old . how old are you ?
do you have anything else to add ? sorry if my mother dominated the conversation .
i work at one of the major coffee chains , i love it
hi bob . i'm steph . i work for a bakery .
at my house . i eat raw hamburgers , because i like the color red .
i love dogs but i only have 1 dog .
no i live a very sheltered life
hi ! i'm good . what do you like to do ?
i work as a teacher so the money is not much , but i like it .
i love ice cream , there are so many great shops here in town .
no , pets are not my thing , especially snakes . bugs are compatible however .
as long as i can still dance !
i sell all sorts of things . www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1
hey , i just got back from boating .
hey i'm vegan too ! i'm very tall and my skin is blue because i'm so healthy .
i'm a scientist . what do you do ?
i'm looking forward to reading executive orders . what is your favorite genre ?
do you play any sports
ever gone to college ? i tried it , it just wasn't right so i dropped out .
hey there how was your day ?
no the clear ones are the best .
no i just buy my clothes on the nike website
starbucks ! i love the atmosphere and they treat employees great
what position do you play ?
you do not have to go if you do not want to !
me too . its my favorite city . i love riding my bike everywhere
what kinds of things are you interested in ?
its good , how are you ?
me and my dog , his name is bob , we are both cannibals
what movies do you like
aloha , how are you doing today ?
i didn't i am bad in that subject
i do not . but i like red drinks . do you carry a purse ?
that is cool , what are his hobbies ?
i love it . there's a seal at sea world named corky .
just the bible and some
i enjoy wearing my suspenders when i pet my dragon
i love watching baseball outdoors on sunny days .
man , do not really have a particular one . black i guess ?
kiss from a rose by seal is my favorite
i am not worried i am in the news alot usually fake news but news i really like twitter
very true . what color are your eyes ?
doing good ! just finished my day of work . how are you doing ?
yep step father takes good care of me and don't know my own real father
yeah , it gets exhausting during the day after teaching 5th grade all day .
do you have any kids ?
hi are you having a good saturday ?
well , it certainly happens sometimes . sorry .
that's awesome do you have any hobbies ?
scary ! yes i do very much !
what kinds of things do you reasearch
mine are long , which helps me turn pages of my horror novels , which i love .
i'm great just got back from the movies , u ?
well , i kind of have more than i know what to do with ! p
really ? i do advertising i could help your career
its definitely more expensive that way . where do you like to go ?
oh , ok . do you have a game with weekend ?
no . i'm born and raised in nyc . i don't even own a car .
i just shop and get botox
i love playing games so i can win
are you any good at them
that's pleasant ! doing anything fun this fine friday ?
i work as an editor for a local magazine .
i bet i do accounting
i don't sing , no talent there
awesome . do you like sports ? i played college football .
long beach , what about you ?
hello how are you doing on this wonderful day
my hair is also red . maybe you should invite me to the wedding for solidarity !
yup , if it is a meat then i'll eat !
i don't believe in school
it isn't easy but it is mushrooms not cows
cool . we are in texas now . heading to georgia , also having a little snack
i do too and fried fish dinner , even though i have a lactose allergy .
what are you in school for ? i might become a mechanic . ford certified of course .
that sounds fun ! i like to fish on the weekends .
hmmm . you dance ? other products don't compare to apple .
hope so my class is taking a trip there end of the year
yes also cali . my pit bulls are friendly so don't worry .
i'm in retail . . i sell tea and coffee , love me some tea
wow that's interesting . my hair isn't really blond
my folks woud hate that any dogs ?
what kind of procedure will you be needing ?
hawaii is beautiful , my dog introduced me to both my wives on vacations .
i play all wood winds and brass and strings . i do it all
hey how is it going , what you do for fun
whats your favorite color ? mines red .
i do but i prefer writing
could be worse my brother travels hours for his he's an archaeologist
hi how are you today
when i was a kid i wanted to become an architect
lucky i get scared last minute
oh my jeep has been to colorado she's slightly lifted so no worries
i see . i was going to audition for a talent show , but i panicked .
i could go shopping with you ? if you want .
that is my favorite car . i used to have one .
not to good just found out my wife has cancer and nothing they can do
anything historical . civil war , depression era .
i've to work at the grocery store in a little but i do not want to .
good evening , how are you ? what is going on with you today ?
my name is jerome and i've brownish color hair .
someone needs to teach you how to watch movies .
why do you say that ? i am sure you are very attractive person !
hey hows it going ? all good ?
o , yeh , that is rite , ur 12 . 12 yr olds don't use the internet much .
never been to italy . if i ever go back to college i may study italian
the only friends i have are pets and sometimes they visit me in bed .
i was a chef , now i am a teacher . what about you ?
oh i play that too . but i do try to get outside more .
right ! wouldn't that be fun !
i like smooth jazz , you ?
great i have been working at a farm all day
why are you sad ? maybe drink coffee .
no . how about a pet ? my poodles name is nanette !
after i smoke , i crave meat . i am a meataholic .
i did not , but i have thought about running again
this back thing is chronic . they say probably stress related .
i will write a story about him , i enjoy writing it is my job .
well this will be exciting . don't forget your passport .
yes and powerful . what do you do to earn money ?
hello there ! just listening to charlie daniels . . . love him !
yes . how long have you been doing it for ?
it starts with self acceptance and confidence and being proud of who you are .
not to brag or anything . what sorts of homes do you work with most often ?
never hide from who you know you are .
psychology . i just can not get into yet
i usually go to work 9 5
tell me more about yourself . i am a total vegetarian .
i recently bumped into will farrel at a luncheon
i spend a lot on books since i love to read
what city are you from ?
i hear you , i am a metal head as well .
that is too bad . i am glad you enjoy it though . still up for running later ?
somewhat , but i just want to keep healthy so i don't get sick .
you are very blessed . to be able to have the skills to help your child .
raynham it is near taunton bridgewater
cool i went to yale
what kind of dog is he
wonderful ! this is one hell of a routine . how long have you been doing that ?
fall colors are starting here in the midwest . any plans for today ?
i am alright . do you work ?
oh i am just being silly . what do you say to your twin ?
why does not she get it ?
i love magic mike and singing
i love swimming but i have to wait until i get my belly button fixed .
hello . it is nice to talk to someone this evening .
no , not really . i'm in kansas .
i love investing . i also like soccer .
lucky you ! sounds like the great life !
i love keyboards and chair .
wow that sounds interesting . i wish i could own a bear . they're my favorite .
i'm in pennsylvania , you ?
that's an oldie but goodie . . lol
haha what does black have to do with tough ?
i don't have a job but hope to find one soon
is he from vienna ? or did he want to go there for professional reasons
omg authentic mexican is the best !
i try my best to take care of my body .
interesting , i'm a beautiful woman
i doubt it , it doesn't sound like we have much in common .
yea i'm pretty sure they're junna take it all the way this year
do you have any pets ?
i suppose i should . got any hobbies ?
no i'm disabled and wheelchair bound
that sounds fun . what kind of music ? did you write it yourself ?
i just love all the parties , but now i have to get ready to deliver some pizza
i want a new car so bad
i love to eat ribs , and other , food . and beer !
lol . thanks for the convo . have a good night !
before i rule the country , i used to have many business but now i tweet all day .
i'm majoring in mechanical engineering . what are your hobbies ?
nah man , why moderate it if i cant hold a job for long ?
i like to read the bible to them . i also read before going to bed .
how are you doing tonight
yep ! i have to keep my social status looking clean and fancy
that sounds interesting . what do you do in your free time ?
nothing right now since my daughter started school
jojoba oil really helps that . i have a nail oil brush and its changed my life
and besides i have no other family , just mom and me .
what other things do you enjoy doing in your free time , dave ?
catholic all girls school . it sucks . one more year to go .
i love cats , especially kittens
it has been a bit quite the event , you ? cooking my vegan dish tonight .
i want to change me . my heart aches from a broken relationship
fun ! do you have any piercings or tattoos ? i've 10 .
true . and good places to run . though not as necessary
i may play ! gonna organize my comic collect first .
sounds fun , do you have plans for the morning ?
i am from california , i dyed my short hair pink .
very cool , i recently went to the beach with my wife of six years .
that is cool . i like nature too . mostly for fishing
great , about to head to our city council meeting . . you ?
hello . how are you today ?
don't judge me . you don't know me .
sucks for the irma victims and jose victims you know
john , wayne , newton , lucy and ricky are my children . you have kids ?
a couple big albums so far . i've been collecting for years
you seem to like animals a lot
oh yuck ! yeah he's good . i talk to him in italian .
60wpm . i learned how to type fast back in middle school
hey . will you read me a bedtime story like mother used to ?
i want to have it in nyc
i am not into meat and cut back stayed vegan .
yeah , it is my children that really wants me to get a corvette
15 , 18 and 20 my 20 year old will take it better than the other two
perfect , i spend money on wine and manicures
i am good . i am katrina i am 21 years old and you ?
i am paid a lot of money and a big house . its a lot , and lonely .
riders of the purple sage is an interesting title can you guess what it is about
i had scrambled eggs . you ?
cool ! what bands do you like ?
being tired is the worst ! my baby keeps me up most nights .
you work for a funeral home ?
lol . . . does it affect spelling stuff ?
i can really only ride a bike lol
i would prefer one that likes fruit as i do ; perhaps an iguana .
i've a singing trophy i won when i was 6 , 7 , and 8 years old .
i work at a movie theater heh
i really like swimming ! i love any ocean and lake !
fair enough . i love just standing in the rain . makes me feel alive .
i am as well . going to umass for philosophy .
i like that arrogance you should put that to good use
i am a single unemployed mom at the moment . but read tons of book .
do you have a color you like the best ?
hi , how are you tonight ?
i like pizza but i can not eat it because of keto diet
okay . i was just trying to help
do not like reading ?
that sounds wonderful . i usually am looking waiting for something interesting to happen every day
oh okay . i made the transitioned to female 3 years ago
what do you do for fun
with my curly locks of hair i need a wider palette of colors than you
fun ! we are having chocolate cake tonight with extra frosting my fave !
when hubby gone just sneak over to youtube and prepare to have your mind blown !
perfect , i spend money on wine and manicures
no reason to . what do you do for work ?
no worries , pink . my dad gave my mom a pink one when they met at woodstock .
sorry to hear that . seems a lot of bad stuff going around these days .
that's great . i'm not vegan . what are the things you eat ?
can you write to the vikings owner and recommend me ?
lol its ok . what do you do for a living
do you have any famous autographs ?
28 , and it is a learned lesson as a mother .
good just catching up on some anime , how are you ?
i also play field hockey after school .
no , that's just crazy .
i love music . i like to play the guitar .
okokokok . but no drinks til midnite this time . i really want to cut the floor !
nope , it is like i've all thumbs .
i've a passion to read sci fi space adventures . do you like reading ?
oh no i better take care of yourself
i understand . i'm a grill cook but really need another job to reach my dreams .
actually , i only drive for work which takes a whole hour every morning .
i live in md i go to to ravens gams
why is that ? are you alright ?
i apologize , it is the whiskey talking .
i don't get to get out much
thanks alot . i got the name because my nickname is lele and i love fashion
the bills suck and post malone left syracuse for a reason
no , the only thing i find fun anymore is people watching . ca not be disappointed then
how cute . 3 year olds are fun little people . you must be a fun aunt .
with my work , and my wife busy at college , it will be jills responsibility .
it is and i can be quite witty .
i'm a teacher , science , it was my favorite subject
pizza is my favorite food , whats your favorite ?
have you got an idea what degree you will choose ? its okay if you do not
what do you do for fun ?
maybe some dominoes with human meat
yay ! two cokes for dinner , i will make cookies too
i swim all day yeah
i work at a beer place ! we distribute different brands !
just packing for my trip to india . what are you doing ?
what is the weirdest thing that has ever happened to your family ?
i meant how old are you
lol . . . does it affect spelling stuff ?
nice . whats that like ? i work in a pediatricians office
that's cool . other than work , what have you been up to lately ?
do they like video games ? ! i love playing quake , but only on slackware
me too . i was following a thread on reddit about them . i love reddit
just draw them like one of your french girls
same here ! i just took my car for a little spin . very relaxing .
i'm a college student
i do and do a funny dance with it and my son finds that entertaining
hello how are you tonight
we are planning a trip to japan at my college , hoping i have enough to go .
great height . lady is my exercise coach . we run in the park .
omg , i have finally found someone like me lol
yeah that's understandable , i hope to travel more as a family soon .
no pets , but two sons are pretty much like pets haha
i love to cook vegan cuisine . i am sorry to hear about that !
oh cool , i dance ballet professionally . i am retiring in 6 months though .
pretty good , just finished swimming
wow ! sounds cool . i love bruno mars . . whats your favorite music ?
do you like art at all
you won't you have to study
i am in socal inland empire
i live in texas , so you can guess how i am lately . what about you ?
i do recycle when i have the time
we really enjoyed it . traveled anywhere lately ?
fun . what kind of video ?
mine looks like a bobcat . she's so grouchy , lol . she scares my friends .
i am one so why would i ?
it is he loves it i also read shark books to him .
ones about food like how to eat fried worms
mee too . where are you from ?
maybe try listening to music to relax . i love the rolling stones .
nice . did you go to school ?
yes i make clothes for pets .
i just had a party for my nephew , it was zoo themed .
japanese cartoons anime are my favorit to watch
it is thick . hardly any juice . but when you are cutting down trees , you need muscle
hello ! how are you this morning ?
that is nice what is your favorite color ?
i am secretly in love with a girl who does not know . any tips ?
if it has cheese in it ! cheese is the bomb .
i think so too , when would be a good time ?
hi ! worried about my mom she'sn't dong well
do you go to any schools ?
very cool . i shoot short films with my cam my folks got me .
you should be a pro pizza eater
i am do not like guns either
i am a youtube beauty guru
i do ! i am only on season 3 so far though .
no but i do live close to the pnb rock
how are you doing tonight ?
i could be the next mrs . adam levine . please , i will buy you 10 mangoes .
do you meet a lot of travelers in your work ?
i am thinking of getting another piercing .
i am a nice woman and that is what we like to do .
tim williams , what is your name ?
i imagine it is i would like to try it
i love to bike on trails in the woods
i try to read at least three a week , the same age i learned to read , three !
i have my own little marketing consulting firm
my wife and i have two beautiful kids
how many children did you have to leave at home ?
thank you so much i really appreciate it
very nice . my kids spend too much time on facebook .
i was and i do not believe love
boston ? they have a wonderful comic book store there .
i boring here i want to go city
hi there person of interest
i really like it so far . i enjoy writing in my spare time .
i am studying fashion . skateboarding has always been so hot .
i see . my favorite car is prius . i've one and love the smallness
i am only 7 . the only relationship i've is with my mom and dad
oh wow i wanted to be in space , what company you got
hi ! city girl gone country here ! you ?
wow nice , i got a nursing degree to help people
how do you know , you have not even tried things with me yet
i grew up in virginia , where did you grow up ?
wonderful dream ! i hope you get to do that
oh , you are an artist ! you can draw my 3 kids and the twins on the way !
how much of a geek are you do you also like classical music ?
yup . i would like to paint them or something . what do you like to do
i fly planes for a living
i am good . do you have any hobbies ?
good night now . off to read a book .
it looks like your family travels the world !
how are you doing today
that would be a cool jon
food is good . when you are over six foot like myself , you appreciate food trust me .
i train horses as a career , so i wish the cold would stay away .
i'm good . just got the 2 kids to bed now hanging with my wife
lol okay , what do you do for a living ?
i wish mine was . i barely make minimum wage .
oh nice , maybe we can stop in the shop afterwards !
i don't like meat at all sorry
haha , i like what you did there . do you like hiking too , or just cycling ?
elanor was a beautiful car . my dad almost owned one like her
good just got in from driving my jag . . very cool car
not romantic just a friend thing .
i do have a friend in chicago that i see sometimes
i'm great . i have been whittling all weekend so that makes for good downtime !
yes i was going to say that
oh cool . my husband works in it
i would rather play my video games
i work in the city . i'm getting ready to visit my sister in canada again soon .
viking metal ? i don't know what that's . i will look it up !
that's a pretty chill thing to do
is traveling one of your hobbies ? i like dance and sing
it is . my mom reads palms at a fortune telling place .
my folks don't like it . i dislike my parents , but adore my job .
once you do i'll buy it . just want to order a pizza .
wow that is funny i am told i look funny delivering packages
hello , how are you doing today ?
i just sent my maids to do that . they are so boring .
i bet . it sounds rough . i want to be a teacher .
i do like to learn of other cultures , however .
yes . i go kayaking in my spare time .
i built my own bike from scratch . so if i am not walking i am biking
hi i live in portland or
cool ! i just dropped out of college . stay in school ! !
yeah , for sure . so do you like music ?
twilight is the best book
well , it both of those
cool ! do you play many gigs ?
i am also a teacher at the high school level its so rewarding
yes i am currently renovating ut
nice , do you volunteer there ?
i draw and love makeup tutorials on internet .
that is a very noble profession
currently yes , i wish i knew where my place was in the world .
my mother didn't work at home either . she was a nurse .
you are probably just show that is not sad
that is too bad . i'm a gardener so i guess i take things a little slower
that is horrible . what a life .
sure how is your night going tonight ?
oh wow ! are you from algeria ? i was born in kansas but live outside detroit .
thanks and have a nice night
ah , well music is still nice .
nice i work for a government subsidiary
my friend hunts pheasant and shared some ; i liked it .
i love gardening . it is great to work outside in the sunshine .
hello how are you doing today
we play rugby , but it can take a lot out of you .
i sure do , really enjoyed them back in my glory days .
no . i volunteer at the local food pantry once a week and do missionary work on weekends .
i'm enjoy , how about you ?
i actually like going to church . seeing people pray makes me hopeful .
my boyfriend lost his job and filed for unemployment
yes i know that he will but my parents also know that they will make a way .
that is ok , the snow can be enjoyable sometimes . i like christmas especially .
i was just thinking the same thing . school has me bummed out .
i love redheads . my wife is a hair dresser and a good one too
that is aloof but it nothing in ny
just me and my books ! and my fur baby ! you ?
in the mountains of kentucky , around the holler of wigtown .
hello , how are you today ?
great . do you like it there ?
i had 2 mustangs they both were purple .
i own a gallery and paint i really love doing that !
well i don't think so but all my friends say i suck
i'm 19 and still in school . scientist sounds interesting .
i'm good thank you . and you ?
so that must be why we both love fishing !
i sing country music but its a very rout and brainwashed kind of thing
up late last night ? i was
mine is blue it is great
i agree ! where do you live ?
hello , i'm doing very well thank you . how are you ?
i'm doing good and you ?
usually i do , once i went to texas with a friend . how about you ?
i'm short , my two siblings who are younger than me are taller than me
do i feel like i do not have time for pets
i love gnr . they're coming to cleveland soon . you are funny .
i live on the east coast cape hatteras , you ever hear of it ?
that is great to hear
hi , how are you today ?
sounds nice , one of my daughters is dating the boy next door
hello
not really , spiced apple cider is better
that is good to know ! it is good to be confident !
congratulations ! until i can have kids , it is just me and my puzzles at home .
the bible book is my favorite one to sell to my clients door to door
sorry . if i have learned anything in my 71 years its that bad runs always eventually end .
oh well maybe you can do some cloud gazing with them . it is so funn
ha ha , well , if all else fails , my husband and i have a suicide pact .
i scream sometimes to feel alive
i play tennis , my favorite outfit to play in is green .
very nice , any sports that you play ?
i'm not gonna lie it gets pretty stressful at times .
we were near corpus christi , victoria i believe was the name of the town .
two kids . keeps me busy for sure ! running around constantly
i blog about the youtube videos
i bet ! i live outside of the city and teach near oakville , ny
i like to eat steak and binge watch tv on a laptop
no its a museum in orlando , fl its new . there's a grand opening soon .
they're a lot of fun . i learned how to count cards in blackjack a while ago .
cairns has really good fishing . you should look into it .
wow that is funny were you really little
hi , i'm from a large family with 5 siblings , how about you ? .
strawberries , i like those just like my 2 cats
i work so much i never have time , at least i'm with family
not really takes some time but after a while pretty easy what is your line of work
why are you really excited ?
i prefer mojitos . watermelon or cucumber .
i'm in the navy and i'm a brat
hi how are you doing
you should try it . awesome . feels wonderful .
fantastic . just got home from my run , have basketball in a few hours .
i'm trying to tidy up around my home , i cannot stand clutter .
hi . i'm okay . tired , but okay . how are you ?
i repair air conditioners , though i have been laid up since breaking my leg .
i just like to play a little guitar . eat some cake . pet my dogs .
i do it when on the phone with my mom
wonder what my ex is doing
no not really sorry
yes it would be a nice thing to do
he can make you float . everything floats down there . ll ! !
must be going through emotion . what happened to you ?
that's so cool . have you seen lions ?
he could check , but they don't care if deadlines are being met .
hi , how are you ?
ok see you then thanks
that sounds nice . very tranquil which is what i need .
my mom says too much is bad for her . she plays tennis professionally
oh how cool ! the horses are gorgeous . i love animals . i have seen the easter bunny !
his song cars is ironic
it can go quickly
i'm smarter than she's
i'm on my board every day of the week .
i didn't finish school , i enlisted in the army instead .
it must be as two of my favorite mentors would say hakuna matata .
i'm a vet and i need more excercise
you'd have a lot of family members to look after you !
i play the markets every now and then , but they're too fickle
i live on a farm , cool cool .
i love steak and veggies how about you
hi ! that reminds me of my favorite movie , which is titanic .
yes i read books
my daughter liked her too
i'm a csr for a big company
actually , i'm going to the observatory . always on the search for ufos ! you ?
hello , are you a tennis player ?
i'm just great . its nighttime where i'm so i'm happy .
i had a dog , i only like to travel to canada , been there 2 times
cool . i'm allergic to cats , marriage and tree nuts ! ha
i've 2 tattoos of flowers so that is cool .
what kind of swimming do you do ? competitive ?
i would like to dance in a library
i'm in college studying psychology
nice . stay in school and work hard .
heck yeah ! i blast her music in my bmw
after i swim i run marathons for fun
really ? do you like reading fantasy books as well ?
no . i went right into the work force
you are so right there i suppose
my boyfriend is a cop , so i understand
hi ! ! i am great thanks ! how about you ?
that seems cool and fun
i am not married , but i love doing fun things .
toyota corolla . the best car around .
yeah editing and creating videos for them , like the channel
yeah . she's still kicking .
that sounds like an interesting job . is it ?
hi , how are you doing tonight ?
hey ! what are you up to ?
what type of art do you freelance ?
good morning ! hope you are having a wonderful day !
i am asian can you draw really well ?
it would be an ideal job . i work but prefer to hunt and watch basketball
i like video games too , fallout is my favorite .
me . . . . only occasionally . . . . when the mood strikes .
great my mom used to commute
i've to help dad in the shop later he is a mechanic
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
i'm sorry to hear that .
i read sometimes . i work around the house , kids and pets you know .
haha . i didn't want to get too specific . i like russian girls . sexy accent
i really like the game of thrones
they have art supplies at office depot .
that is a very good goal . what kind of journalist do you want to be ?
my biggest aspiration is to be a changer of the world .
congrats ! what is your new job ?
i like hearing music from different cultures cause i love traveling
that is awesome ! so what do you do for work
i like those genres too
nice ! what kind of music do you like besides choir ?
nice . do you like thierry henry ? that is my idol
i travel around the wold often
i race cars around for my job
my younger brother is a cod player too . he is pretty good .
what about animals ? i could not live without them
that sounds very cool . i like them too .
it is call veggie and fish . i eat fish but no red meat
sausage fingers ? i work with beets . i live on the farm and always look bloody .
not really but i am into body modifications .
ll i am assuming youre a guy
i am good ! how are you ? what do you like to eat ?
well i love some of the oldies like miss congeniality . you a movie fan ?
expensive french wine . hemingway son named his daughter after it .
i like to go fishing .
hi , how is it going ?
i never want to have kids .
nice i want some beer
hello , what do you do for a living ?
well i was in high school . its a college football team . got my scholarship through the sport
i hope thw travel was easy . do you have any kids ?
what about a microwave or instant pot ? that could be fun
yeah he's suppose to visit me in the summer
i guess not . i like to walk , but not at night
i have a best friend , she's a pilot like me .
just hanging out with my cat .
i've found you'll always get what you want if you put god first .
i prefer the indoors as opposed to the beach . where did you shop ?
that sounds interesting . i just want to graduate high school .
i am an artist . my current favorite shade is the whole spectrum of blue !
now that is music i can dance too . always puts a smile on my face
my mom taught music at a school , yours ?
so much money makes you miss things in life , like taking walks . i love walks .
i am sorry , i am not familiar with her . i enjoy reading
i can usually tell if i am going to enjoy someones company .
yeah movies are pretty cool ! i love animated ones , especially disney and ghibli
i am still learning , working on basic chords right now , but i love jim hendrix .
same . i like to sit on my couch and watch tv while eating mac and cheese
every job is important . you like jokes huh ? what do call a camel with 3 humps ?
what do you do for a living
wow that is a lot of people ! was it a birthday party ?
i bet they are a lot of work ! i don't have any children yet , maybe one day !
you just gotta learn . i shoot clay come do it
are you any good ? or would simon cowell like a word with you ?
a bomber , it is awesome . do you want to take lessons
haha . . 1 . . trying to decide between a chili dog or a cheese hot dog
not right now . how about you ?
training is great fun . on fridays , i ride up to canada to explore scenic routes .
why are you looking for friends
hi dave . i am am ok . tired . i look after my mom and dad .
i am willing to put the extra worl
computer sciences . i work as a software engineer .
nice ! after my near death experiences , i just know whats important .
yes i've two myself
i enjoy skateboarding as well
i make hot dogs for a living .
thank you . what is your favorite color ? mine is red .
never gone , kind of scares me .
its really nice here . good music . what kind of music do you like ?
what do you do for living ? ?
i am a professional body builder .
friends are good . i mostly hang with my two dogs .
i'd love to go , instead i am living with my parents .
nice ! i am getting ready for a big move in a couple months , going to california .
you should at least try to go up in a plane , it is a blast .
yes we have a daughter who just graduated valedictorian from high school .
i'm the same way . i always feel that they do not like me .
hi ! how are you today ?
i'm a contractor for a cab company . you ?
hi ! i have two kids , both girls . you have children ?
huh . that is weird to hear on my end . lol
hi there , how are you ?
hi , i love wearing black
thank you , and i hope you have a wonderful day today
i do it when on the phone with my mom
tell , me about france , how is it there ?
yes , pizza is my vice ! sour candy is good , also .
i'm okay i like going out to concerts every weekend .
noah , that is so awesome . take any cool trips ?
good do you make fart noises
i do not have to clock in ever again . freedom ! ! lol
so do i . i have been making a lot of tomato bisque soups .
how about music ? have you heard of hamilton ?
yes you do but i still enjoy it alot .
i'm good . how about yourself ?
what type of meat is your favorite ?
i do painting and face painting
do you own a car ?
i'm a woman . tell me about you
hello , how are you tonight ?
no , a smaller one about surfing , which is one of my hobbies
not sure , but leaning towards er
very commendable job . although , i like being alone and nursing wo not let you lol
i called my cat charlie , he is my friend too .
wow , that must be a lot of work . i mainly just do odd jobs here and there .
i get chronic back pains . nowch ! !
what genre do you like
yes it is pretty gross . i'm a foot office girl at a doctors office now though
i did not know they sold french fries at del taco
i prefer easy jazz music
how are you doing today ?
sounds awesome . where do you live ?
i'm kind of a foodie so i love looking for fun new restaurants
heard something about it when i was travelling with a friend .
yes lots of children , my wife cares for them at home .
no one does it like snoop dog though .
i actually know the chain smokers . they're pretty good .
oh really , why do you say that ?
who do you play basketball with ?
my job is far less exciting . i stock shelves at walmart .
my husband is a detective , he can have all the fun .
i just broke up with my girl
i've over ten tattoos now
that is too bad i am about to get my nails done
way back in the day i wa a swimmer but now i am retired
hello , i was born in tennessee . how about you ?
yes i understand . i want to become a vet as i love animals
hi how are you today
sounds like the east coast .
it is , i actually go for hikes often when it is too heated
one day till than the tips i make will help me with school .
it actually just started getting cold . i ride a bike to work so that is no good
i am not sure yet . do you have any hobbies ?
i'd love to get a masters degree but i am too old
children equals no free time . how about yourself ?
